Subject: legal advice
* this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate (tm) pro *
We all
Need a good attorney to call in today' s society.
Keeping ahead of the legal issues in our life was just simply more than we could
Bear. We needed legal advice and we needed it right away. Unfortunately, being middle class, put us in the wrong income bracket to have such a necessity. Now all of this has changed.
Think about the issues that can suddenly come up in your personal life:
Monday: the dog bit the mailman - do you know what to do?
Tuesday: the building inspector drops by and announces that the permits on file with their office do not
Allow your garage conversion." what now," you think to yourself.
Wednesday: you' ve been considering home - schooling your children for some time. Now your daughter announces that she is being picked on yet again, and simply will not attend another day. What are the legal ramifications of home schooling your children?
Thursday: speeding ticket goes to warrant for your 17 - year - old son. You haven' t a clue how to handle
It.
Friday: your ex - spouse has missed another child support payment... Who do you call?
And what about all the other things:
Received a traffic ticket you thought was unjustified?
Paid a bill you knew was unfair?
Lost a security deposit?
Bought a home or purchased a car?
Signed an employment contract?
Had difficulty collecting an insurance claim?
Had trouble with your credit report?
Been involved in a landlord or property dispute?
Been involved in a separation or divorce?
Had to collect child support?
Prepared a will or wanted to?
In your personal life, you need legal representation available to you all the time. But most of us never have it because we can' t afford it.
Now there is a program that not only provides quality legal help,
But it provides it 24 hours a day, with an attorney helping you the same day you call them -
And it is for a small monthly fee. No kidding. Somewhere between twenty and forty dollars a month, depending upon the plan you choose.
Click here
Not
Interested? Take your em ail out of our data base by visitng the site and following removal instructions
126