Subject: robhatah istore - humanoids, bipeds, dsps, sensors and oscilloscopes
Dear researcher,
Robhatah is delighted to announce, for the first time, our great line up
Of robotic research platforms, dsps, sensors, digital oscilloscopes and
Other robotic/electronic products.
Do visit
Www. Robhatah. Com to visit our
Website and
Http:// robhatah. Com/cubecart/index. Php to go directly to our online
Shopping cart.
Visit our
Online shop now to
Receive superb prices on your early purchases.
We wish you luck in your robotics
Endeavors and hope to be your biggest supporters in your research
Achievements.
Sincerely,
Bob virtual
Sales department
Robhatah robotic solutions
Www. Robhatah. Com
Ps: we encourage constant
Feedback/suggestions to better our services. Send us your comments by writing into
Sales@ robhatah. Com.
Multiple award winning
Humanoid research robot - manus i
Robust aluminium alloy body and off the shelf components
Enable maximum flexibility to the researcher
-
Manus - I tops again! - fira' 04 (hit, china)
-
Winner, fira 2003
(hurosot) (nus,
Singapore)
-
Winner, singapore robotic games 2004 (nus, singapore)
Height: 50
Cm
Weight
: 2. 5 kg dof: 17 processors: 2
Motorola 16 bit dsps
Sensors: cmos camera (pan tilt), electronic compass, ir sensor,
Force sensor, optional tilt sensor
Manus - I is
Capable of visually tracking and walking towards colored targets. It has
Dynamic walking and obstacle avoidance capabilities. The dimensions and
Specifications are designed to meet the fira - humanoid competition rules.
Manus - I can even kick a ball into a goal. Other capabilities include
Getting up from a seated position and climbing stairs.
Write into
Support@ robhatah. Com to see some
Of our customer testimonials and to communicate directly to an expert.
Biped research robot -
Manus tlr
Height: 35
Cm weight
: 1. 75 kg dof: 12 processors:
2 motorola 16 bit dsps
Sensors: electronic compass, ir sensor, force sensor, optional tilt
Sensor
Manus - tlr is an ideal platform for
Educators and researchers to jump - start their own biped or humanoid
Projects. The system is fully modularized and allows researchers to modify
Or add new features. Rbhatah team provides comprehensive technical
Support to help students and researchers.
Click on image for more details on manus - tlr. Alternatively, view our
Biped page by clicking
Here.
Portable oscilloscope:
Stingray
Portable and stylish, stingray combines the functions of oscilloscope,
Data logger, spectrum analyser, volt meter, frequency meter and signal
Generator in a single instrument. Powered from usb, stingray needs no
External power supply.
Stingray features simultaneous 12 - bit sampling on both channels, a native
Sampling rate of lms/s (20 ms/s for repetitive signals), sophisticated
Hardware triggering including delayed time base and pulse width. It also
Has a 3 rd channel which can be a waveform generator output or an external
Trigger input.
Click on image for more details about the stingray.
Stereo vision enabled
Research robot - bebop
Bebop was
Designed to be an affordable solution for researchers and hobbyists in
Mobile robotics.
Features:
- mobile chassis with 12 v battery and charger
- embedded x 86 processing system
- stereo - vision sensor system
- real - time linux - based operating system
Click on image for more details on the bebop. Alternatively, visit our
Bebop page by clicking
Here.
Heavy duty dsp -
Isopod
Isopod? _ v 2 is
Suitable for dedicated control of rc servo motors, dc motors, bdcm,
Stepper motors, solenoids, and other bipolar power outputs, such as
General converter/inverter applications, data collection and many
Networked control applications.
Click on image for more details about the dsp. Extensive information can
Be found by clicking
Here.
Unmatched servo
Control dsp - servopod
A 16 - bit dsp
Microcontroller, based on motorola dsp 56 f 807 mpu embedded with a virtually
Paralell machine language, isomax? On a small, user - accessible board.
Features include: connections for 26 rc - servo motors, two serial rs - 232
Channels, can bus driver, jtag interface, 16 - channel 12 - bit a/d, 60 kxl 6
Program flash eeprom, serial cable transformer included. It is a perfect
Board for robotic, motion control, automotive applications.
To go to our online shopping system, click on the image. For more
Information on the dsp, click
Here.
Robot soccer system
- perfect all - round wheeled robot research system
The full system comprises of 6 wheeled robots, overhead cameras, software
The robosoccer field.
The robot soccer system offers a challenging arena to students and
Researchers to demonstrate their advanced autonomous mobile robotic
Technology. The multI - disciplinary robotic soccer platform is an ideal
Jump start for education and research in robotics, machine vision,
Controls, aI and wireless communications.
Click
Here for more
Details.
Flexible reliable force
Sensors - flexiforce.
The flexiforce
A 201 force sensor is an ultra - thin, flexible printed circuit. The force
Sensors are constructed of two layers of substrate (polyester/polyimide)
Film. On each layer, a conductive material (silver) is applied, followed
By a layer of pressure - sensitive ink. Adhesive is then used to laminate
The two layers of substrate together to form the force sensor. The active
Sensing area is defined by the silver circle on top of the
Pressure - sensitive ink. Silver extends from the sensing area to the
Connectors at the other end of the sensor, forming the conductive leads.
A 201 sensors are terminated with male square pins, allowing them to be
Easily incorporated into a circuit. The two outer pins of the connector
Are active and the center pin is inactive.
Click on image to buy flexiforce now.
© robhatah private limited,
#02 - 12 b, 4 engineering drive 3, singapore 117583. Tel: (65) 6872 5092
Fax: (65) 6874 4089.
All rights reserved.
