Subject: keep your home safe
U. S. Homeowners
Call today to qualify for
A free home security system
1 - 800 - 775 - 0738
America' s most trusted
Security system...
The most
Comprehensive
Security package
Ever offered free!
Over 135, 000
Families made
The right
Choice!
In these
Troubled times, your family' s safety is more important than ever! Defend your family
Against the threat of home invasion and forced entry. Make sure you' re
Prepared to get help in the event of an emergency. Take advantage of
The following special offer.
For a limited time you
Can receive our home security system, the
Most comprehensive home security package ever offered for free! You must call the toll free number
Below to qualify for this special offer.
You
Don' t have to be a victim! Intelligent homeowners are
Awakening to one undeniable fact. Studies show burglars will commit crimes
Somewhere else when confronted with a monitored security system. Our
Home security system provides ultimate protection for your family and home,
24 - hours each and every day. The bad guys will have to go elsewhere to find
Their victim.
State - of - the - art
Wireless technology! Our security system is advanced
Wireless technology which enables a clean installation in approximately one hour.
No holes to drill, no unsightly wires to run.
Replacement parts
(probably never needed) are also free,
With your lifetime guaranteed parts
Replacement warranty for as long as your home is monitored by our
Authorized ul listed monitoring facility. That tells you the confidence we
Place in our product' s quality.
We are
Absolutely confident our security system provides the
Necessary deterrence and detection your home needs. To prove it, the company will pay your insurance deductible (up to
$250. 00) in the unlikely event you suffer a loss from an unwanted
Intrusion. You also may be eligible for up to
20% in insurance premium discounts.
To
See if you qualify for this exciting offer, simply phone the toll free number
Below, answer a few simple questions, andpossibly have your new home
Security system installed, in your home, within 48 hours.
Call now!!
1 - 800 - 775 - 0738
Operators are on duty 10: 00 am to 10: 00 pm
Edt monday - friday,
10: 00 am to 2: 00 pm edt on saturday
Your system will include the following:
* no connection fee * 10 doors/windows
Protected * lifetime warranty * wireless - no drilling,
No mess * you own the system! * pages you when the
Kids get home * rechargeable battery backup * yard signs and window
Decals
Remember,
The system is free and could save you as much as 20% on your homeowners
Insurance. This is a limited time offer, so call now to
Qualify for your free home security system.
Call today!
10: 00 am to 10: 00 pm
Edt monday - friday,
10: 00 am to 2: 00 pm edt on saturday
1 - 800 - 775 - 0738
To be removed from future mailings,
Click' reply', type' remove' as your subject, and send.
