Subject: this stock rumored to fly
Special situation alerts hot pick of the year
Environmental remediation holding corp. (otcbb: erhc)
Urgent buy: $. 17
Sell target: $1. 25
Investor alert: erhc enters into joint - venture license agreement
With schlumberger ltd (nyse: slb, $60) and baker hughes, inc.
(nyse: bhi, $40) for seismic data on some of the richest offshore
Oil blocks where erhc controls a huge working interest!
Investors - we have found the hidden gem: (otcbb: erhc)!
Erhc' s joint - venture with schlumberger and baker hughes puts them in
World - class company with these leaders in oil exploration and reservoir
Imaging services. The involvement of slb and bhI reinforces the
$multI - billion dollar value that has been placed in this offshore
Drilling haven. Erhc' s goal is to maximize shareholder value from
Existing contractual rights, making them a significant player in
This region.
The big money rolls in:
The seismic data from this joint - venture is being made available for
Further involvement by the largest oil companies in the world over
The next 2 weeks!!
Bidding wars have already developed between major oil companies suchas:
Shell, chevron/texaco, conoco, exxon/mobil, philips, and marathon who
Are willing to pay $hundreds of millions to drill in these zones and
Partner with erhc.
Stock set to explode on earnings boom:
Erhc' s exclusive right to participate in exploration and production
Along with oil industry giants could be worth up to $fifty million
As these oil blocks are adjacent to billion barrel producing regions!
Special situation alerts' newsletter offers valuable research that
Builds your wealth. We target serious gains for serious investors
With a 700% investment return on erhc.
Disclaimer: certain statements contained in this newsletter may be
Forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
Litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may be identified by
Such terms as" expect"," believe"," may"," will", and" intend" or
Similar terms. We are not a registered investment advisor or a broker
Dealer. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities. No
Recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be
Purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the
Profiled companies. This is an independent electronic publication that
Was paid $10, 000 by a third party for the electronic dissemination of
This company information. Be advised that investments in companies
Profiled are considered to be high - risk and use of the information
Provided is for reading purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an
Investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement
From an attorney or a registered financial broker, if any party decides
To participate as an investor then it will be that investor' s sole risk.
Be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resultin
The loss of some or all of the investment. The publisher of this
Newsletter makes no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or the
Completeness of the disclosure. Investors should not rely solely on the
Information presented. Rather, investors should use the information
Provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional
Independent research on the profiled companies in order to allow the
Investor to form their own opinion regarding investing in the profiled
Companies. Factual statements made about the profiled companies are made
As of the date stated and are subject to change without notice.
Investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an
Extremely high degree of risk.