Subject: free ltcI policy comparison software
Long term care insurance worksite marketing system
Take advantage of the most current information available concerning
The group ltcI market. Developed after months of exhaustive research
And agent interviews, the worksite marketing system is the resource
For successful group enrollment.
Included with your order:
Agent manual - all the how - to info including an implementation schedule
Benefit manager flip chart
Presentation/sales script which promotes long term care insurance as productivity
Insurance
Benefit manager sales brochures
Benefit manager direct mail letters
Employer announcement letter
Seven (7) newsletter/e - mail articles to promote employee education prior to meetings
50 each of five (5) payroll stuffers
50 each of three (3) employee seminar posters
Employee education presentation on cd - rom
150 employee education brochures which promote long term care insurance as
Lifestyle insurance
The secret of a successful group enrollment instructional audiotape
A handsome gold embossed binder with storage pockets
This comprehensive ltcI policy review compares over 40 major companies in 17 benefit
And ratings/asset categories and includes a premium comparison for
A 60 year old couple.
Over 210 policies are covered in this semI - annual publication. This is the oldest
Ltc policy comparison in the nation and is a valuable tool for any
Agent selling ltc insurance today.
(older generation policies are kept after new policies are introduced because agents
Encounter the older policies in the field.)
The cd - rom version allows you to compare up to three companies at a time in any of
The 17 categories. You' ll also receive a spreadsheet version to
Take with you all the time.
We don' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive
Them. This is professional communication sent to insurance
Professionals. To be removed from this mailing list, do not reply
To this message. Instead, go here:
Http:// www. Insurancemail. Net
Legal notice
