Subject: re: got ink? 21846
What have you been up to?
I don' t know about you, but I am sick and tired of going
Down to the store to find out that your printer cartridges
Cost more than the printer itself! I know how you feel
- I print over 500 pages a day, and it feels like there is
A vacuum sucking money out of my wallet! Now, this has got
To stop because I know it doesn' t cost the printer companies
Anywhere near what it costs me to do my office and school work!
Well, it finally has. The superink solution.
You' re probably thinking to yourself," gosh darn, not another
Cheap knockoff printer cartridge!" like you, I was very
Skeptical at first, but my best friend & business associate
Said it helped her save over $100 a month on printer supplies.
So I tried it. I mean, there was nothing to lose because they
Offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee, up to a one - year warranty
On all of their products and free shipping on all orders!
Let me tell you, it was one of the best decisions i' ve ever made.
Period. Six months later, as i' m writing this message to you,
I' ve gone from spending $1000 dollars a month on printer supplies
To now only $475! And I haven' t had to sacrifice the quality or
Service that I received from the local office supply store. In fact,
The service is even better! I' ve had 1 defective cartridge since
I started dealing with superink and they sent me a new replacement
Within 3 days, no questions asked. Now, I can print all I want!
I was so happy with the results that I contacted their manufacturer
And got permission to be a reseller - at a big discount. I want
To help other people to avoid getting jipped by the printer companies
Like I did. Because a penny saved is a penny earned!
I give you my personal pledge the superink soltuion will absolutely
Work for you. If it doesn' t, you can return your order anytime
For a full refund.
If you are frustrated with dishing out money like it is water to the
Printer companies, or tired of poor quality ink & toner cartridges,
Then I recommend - the superink solution.
You' re probably asking yourself," ok, so how do we save all this money
Without losing quality and service?"
Modern technology has provided superink with unique, revolutionary
Methods of wax molding that allow the ink & toner to' settle', which
Prevents any substantial damage that would occur during shipping and
Handling. Nothing" magic" about it - just quality & savings, big savings!
Here is the bottom line...
I can help you save 30% - 70% per week/per month/per year or per lifetime
By purchasing any of our ink & toner supplies. Just try it once, you' ll
Keep coming back - there' s nothing to lose, and much money to be saved!
100% satisfaction guaranteed. You will be able to print as much as you
Want without wasting money or sacrificing quality - guaranteed.
That is my pledge to you.
To order from the superink solution on our secure server, just click
On the link below (or enter it into your browser):
Http:// www. Superink. Net /
If you have difficulty accessing the website above, please
Try contacting us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 - thanks!
Sincerely - bruce tipton
If you do not wish to receive any more emails from me, please
Send an email to" print 2@ btamail. Net. Cn" requesting to be removed.
Thank you and sorry for any inconvenience.
