Subject: major medical breakthrough huge profit potential
Major medical
Breakthroughhuge profit potential
Imagine yourself as part owner of the
Most interesting, full service state - of - the - art medical facility, equipped
With the most sophisticated and effective scanning diagnostic tools
Available today.
Electron beam tomography is a
Cutting - edge diagnostic technology capable of providing a
Crystal - ball - like look into your medical future. This technology has been
Featured on oprah, larry king, good morning america, and usa
Today.
Ebt scans are now covered by most health
Insurance companies and hmos, causing an explosion in usership and
Exceptionally high demand for this procedure.
Ebt can identify heart disease years
Before a treadmill test would show an abnormality and many years before a
Heart attack might occur.
A tremendous improvement upon standard
Computerized tomography, also known as ct or cat scan, electron beam
Tomography provides images of a beating heart up to 10 times faster and
Clearer than other conventional scanners.
The dramatic capabilities of this
Spectacular technology should provide an extraordinary investment
Opportunity for those establishing state - of - the - art outpatient clinics, in
Order to provide the ebt body scan procedures to health conscious
Americans. Projected 10 - year return of 916%.
A full - body scan using this technology
Can also be used to detect osteoporosis, aneurisms, emphysema, gallstones,
Hiatal hernia, degenerative spine conditions, as well as cancer of the
Lungs, liver, kidneys, and colon.
Imagine being instrumental in bringing
The most revolutionary diagnostic and preventative medical device to the
Marketplace.
$15 k minimum investment required.
Serious inquiries only.
To recieve your free video. Fill out this form.
Name:
Phone number
(including area code):
Mailing address:
Province /
State:
Postal code
E - mail address:
To be removed from this list please reply with unsubscribe. Thank you.
Http:// xent. Com/mailman/listinfo/fork