Subject: looking for agent of bathtub saling
Note: if this eamil is not fit for you, please reply to webmaster@ wjjzzs. Com with" remove". You' d tell me the email address we' ve used.
We don' t intend to send spam email to you. Thank you!
Attn: fork@ xent. Com
Dear sirs or madams,
We are one arcyl bathtub manufacturer in china.
Our factoryspecializes in manufacturing ¡ ° yema ¡ ± brand acrylic composite bathtubs, we have more than 10 years experience of bathtub manufacturing and marketing. With
Our considerable experience we set out to blend the advantages of all the other of bathtubs offered in the market place into one range. After several years
Development we produced our current range and the yema brand bathtub was patented in 2001. We were even awarded the" gold medal" in the" chinese patent technology
Exhibition" and" the ninth chinese new patent technology and new patent product exhibition" later that year. The yema bathtubs structural design is that of a normal
Acrylic bathtub but conglutinated into a composite material. It is ridged and is made more than twice as thick as a normal unit, making it more smooth, gentle and
Elegant. This manufacturing technique not only provides all the advantages of a normal acrylic bathtub (easily to clean, resistance to dirt, colorful, attractive etc)
But also provides increased heat retention, and extends the products life span.
Besides our products on website, we now produce some new models for usa market. We also produce shower panels with finest quality.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bathtub specifications - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
1, wall thickness: 10 mm ~20 mm
2, weight: 50 ~60 kg
We would like to be your oem/odm manufacturer.
For detailed info, please browse our website http:// www. Wjjzzs. Com
Best wishes and regards,
Export manager
Jerry lee
Mobile: 13951228561
Phone: 0086 - 519 - 5211973
Fax: 0086 - 519 - 5209776
Wujin huanglI composited sanitary factory
Add: huanglI town, wujin county
Changzhou 213151
Jiangsu province
P. R. China
Websie: http:// www. Wjjzzs. Com
Email: wjjzzs@ wjjzzs. Com
July 18, 2002
Http:// xent. Com/mailman/listinfo/fork