Subject: adv: direct email blaster, email addresses extractor, maillist verify, maillist manager...........
Direct email
Blaster
The program will send mail at the
Rate of over 1, 000 e - mails per minute. Legal and fast
Sending bulk emailsbuilt in smtp
Serverhave return pathcan check mail
Addressmake error send address list (remove or
Send again) support multI - threads. Support
MultI - smtp servers. Manages your opt - in e - mail listsoffers an
Easy - to - use interface! Easy to configure and use
Download
Now
Maillist
Verify
Maillist verify is intended for e - mail addresses and mail
Lists verifying. The main task is to determine which of addresses in the mail
List are dead. The program is oriented, basically, on programmers which have
Their own mail lists to inform their users about new versions of their
Programs.
The program works on the same algorithm as isp mail systems
Do. Mail servers addresses for specified address are extracted from dns. The
Program tries to connect with found smtp - servers and simulates the sending of
Message. It does not come to the message sending/nobr emv disconnect
As soon as mail server informs does this address exist or not. Emv can
Find
About 90% of dead addresses/nobr some mail
Systems receive all messages and only then see their
Addresses and if the address is dead send the message
Back with remark about it.
Download now
Express email
Blaster
Express email blaster is a very fast, powerful yet
Simple to use email sender. Utilizing multiple threads/connections
And multiple smtp servers your emails will be sent out
Fast and easily. There are user information, attach files,
Address and mail logs four tabbed area for the e - mails
Details for sending. About 25 smtp servers come with the
Demo version, and users may add and delete smtp servers.
About 60, 000 e - mails will be sent out per
Hour."
Download now
Express email address
Extractor
This program is the most efficient, easy to use
Email address collector available on the
Internet! Beijing express email address extractor (expresseae) is
Designed to extract
E - mail addresses from web - pages on the
Internet (using http protocols). Expresseae
Supports operation through many proxy - server
And works very fast, as it is able of
Loading several pages simultaneously, and requires
Very few resources.
With it, you will be able
To use targeted searches to crawl the
World wide web, extracting
Thousands of clean, fresh email
Addresses. Ably email address extractor is unlike other
Address collecting programs, which
Limit you to one or two search engines and are unable
To do auto searches huge address.
Most of them collect a high percentage of incomplete,
Unusable addresses which will cause you
Serious problems when using them in a mailing.
Easier to learn and use than any
Other email address collector program available.
Accesses eight search
Engines
Add your own urls to the list to be
Searched
Supports operation through
A lot of proxy - server
And works very fast (http proxy)
Able of loading several pages
Simultaneously
Requires very few resources
Timeout feature allows user to limit
The amount of time crawling in dead sites and traps.
Easy to make huge address list
Pause/continue extraction at any
Time.
Auto connection to the
Internet
Download now
Express email address
Downloader
Expressead
Is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail
Marketing. It is intended for easy and convenient
Search large
E - mail address lists from mail servers. The program can be operated
On
Windows 95/98/me/2000
And nt.
Expressead
Support multI - threads (up to 1024
Connections).
Expressead
Has the ability to reconnect to the
Mail server if the server has disconnected and
Continue the searching
At the point where it has been interrupted.
Expressead
Has an ergonomic interface that is easy to
Set up and simple to use.
Features:
Support
MultI - threads.
Auto get smtp server
Address, support multI - smtp servers.
Auto save e - mail
Lists
Offers an easy - to - use
Interface!
Download now
Express maillist
Manager
This program was designed to be a
Complement to the direct email blaster
And email
Blaster
Suite of bulk email software
Programs. Its purpose is to organize your email lists in order to be
More
Effective with your email marketing
Campaign. Some of its features include:
Combine several lists into
One file. Split up larger lists to make them more
Manageable. Remove addresses from file. Manual editing, adding, and deleting of addresses. Ability to auto clean lists, that is, remove any duplicate or unwanted
Addresses. Maintain all your address lists within the
Program so you no longer need to keep all your
Lists saved as separate text
Files.
Download now
If you want to remove your email, please send email to targetemailremoval@ btamail. Net. Cn
