Subject: lock in your clients' gains!
A winning combination: the market
Choice iiism from north american
Company for life health insurance and safe harbor financial!
Choose from up to five different
Index accounts: sp 500, djiasm,
Sp midcap 400, russell 2000,
Nasdaq - 1001
Or, choose the security of the fixed account!
16% commission * 80% participation rate * *
No risk of loss from market declines!
Your clients will love the security of this outstanding product!
Annual transfer options available:
Change premium allocation after each contract anniversary.
Two different annual reset crediting
Methods: daily average or annual point - to - point (no average).
Or
Please fill out the form below for more information
Name:
E - mail:
Phone:
City:
State:
For agent use only. Not intended for
Consumer solicitation purposes. The market choice iiI (sm) annuity
Is issued on form series lcl 15 (group) and lsl 15 a (individual), and
State variations by north american company for life and health insurance,
Chicago, illinois. This product and its features may not be available
In all states. Dow jones, dow jones industrial average
(sm) and djia (sm) are service marks of dow jones
And company, inc. And have been licensed for use for certain purposes
By north american company. Russell 2000 index is a trademark of frank
Russell company and has been licensed for use by north american company.
Standard poor' s, sp,
Sp 500, standard poor' s 500 index,
Sp midcap 400 index and standard
Poor' s midcap 400 index are trademarks of the mcgraw - hill
Companies, inc. And have been licensed for use by north american company.
The nasdaq - 100, nasdaq - 100 index and nasdaq are registered
Marks of the nasdaq stock market inc. (which with its affiliates are
The corporations) and are licensed for use by north american
Company. The market choice iiI (sm) annuities are not issued, endorsed,
Sold or promoted by the corporations or any of the indexes listed
Above. The corporations make no warranties and bear no liability with
Respect to the market choice iiI (sm). * commissions are based upon
Rates as of 5/1/02. Commissions may vary by state and are subject
To change. * * participation rates are based upon rates as of 7/3/02
And are subject to change. Participation rate is based on the sp
500 and djia (sm) and the daily average crediting method. Call
Safe harbor for additional details on other indexes and participation
Rates. Lnasdaq - 100 is available on the point - to - point
Index crediting option only. 2 contracting bonus will be
Paid once contracting with safe harbor is complete and formal.
Ndf - 8079 z - adiI - 421 prt. 7/02 exp. 9/15/2002
We don' t want anyone
To receive our mailings who does not wish to. This is professional communication
Sent to insurance professionals. To be removed from this mailing list,
Do not reply to this message. Instead, go here:
Http:// www. Insurancemail. Net
Legal notice
