Subject: make thousands just sending emails. It' s easy.
From:@ yahoo. Com
To:
Subject: earn money sending e - mails. It' s easy!
New improved reports
Dear friend,
You can earn a lot of money in the next 90 days sending e - mail.
Seem impossible? Is there a catch? No, there is no catch; just
Send your e - mails and be on your way to financial freedom.
Basically, I send out as many of these e - mails as I can, then
People send me cash in the mail for information that I just e - mail
Back to them. Everyday, I make a three minute drive to my p. O. Box
Knowing that there are at least a few hundred dollars waiting for
Me. And the best part, it is completely legal.
Just read the next few paragraphs and see what you think. If you
Like what you read, great! If you don' t, read it again because you
Must have missed something.
" as seen on national television"
" making over a half million dollars every 6 months from your home
For an investment of only $25 us dollars expense one time. Thanks
To the computer age and the internet, be a millionaire like others
Within a year!!! Before you say," no way!" read the following.
This is the letter you' ve been reading about in the news lately.
Due to the popularity of this letter on the internet, a major
Nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the
Investigation of the program described below to see if it really
Can make people money.
The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.
Their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely
No laws prohibiting the participation in this program. This has
Helped to show people that this is a simple, harmless, and fun way
To make some extra money at home. And, besides even if you never
Got involved in the program, the reports themselves are well worth
The money. They can help you start and advertise any business on
The internet. That is, these reports stand alone and are
Beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet.
The results of this show have been truly remarkable. So many
People are participating that those involved are doing much better
Than ever before. Since everyone makes more as more people try it
Out, its been very exciting to be a part of it lately. You will
Understand once you experience it.
" here it is below"
* * * print this now for future reference * * *
The following income opportunity is one you may be interested in
Taking a look at. It can be started with very little investment
($25) and the income return is tremendous!!!
This is a legitimate, legal, money making opportunity.
It does not require you to come into contact with people, do any
Hard work, and best of all, you never have to leave your house
Except to get the mail.
Simply follow the instructions, and you really can make this
Happen. This e - mail order marketing program works every time if
You put in the effort to make it work. E - mail is the sales tool of
The future. Take advantage of this non - commercialized method of
Advertising now!
The longer you wait, the more savvy people will be taking your
Business using e - mail. Get what is rightfully yours. Program
Yourself for success and dare to think big. It sounds corny, but
It' s true. You' ll never make it big if you don' t have this belief
System in place.
MultI - level marketing (mlm) has finally gained respectability. It
Is being taught in the harvard business school, and both stanford
Research and the wall street journal have stated that between 50%
And 65% of all goods and services will be sold through multI - level
Methods.
This is a multI - billion dollar industry and of the 500, 000
Millionaires in the u. S., 20% (100, 000) made their fortune in the
Last several years in mlm. Moreover, statistics show 45 people
Become millionaires everyday through multI - level marketing.
You may have heard this story before, but donald trump made an
Appearance on the david letterman show. Dave asked him what he
Would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch.
Without hesitating trump said he would find a good network
Marketing company and get to work.
The audience, started to hoot and boo him. He looked out at the
Audience and dead - panned his response." that' s why i' m sitting up
Here and you are all sitting out there!"
With network marketing you have two sources of income. Direct
Commissions from sales you make yourself and commissions from
Sales made by people you introduce to the business.
Residual income is the secret of the wealthy. It means investing
Time and money once, and getting paid again and again and again.
In network marketing, it also means getting paid for the work of
Others.
The enclosed information is something I almost let slip through my
Fingers. Fortunately, sometime later I reread everything and gave
Some thought and study to it.
My name is jonathan rourke. Two years ago, the corporation i
Worked at for the past twelve years down - sized and my position
Was eliminated. After unproductive job interviews, I decided to
Open my own business. Over the past year, I incurred many
Unforeseen financial problems. I owed my family, friends and
Creditors over $35, 000. The economy was taking a toll on my
Business and I just couldn' t seem to make ends meet. I had to
Refinance and borrow against my home to support my family and
Struggling business. At that moment something significant happened
In my life and I am writing to share that experience in hopes that
This will change your life forever financially!!!
In mid december, I received this program via e - mail. Six month' s
Prior to receiving this program, I had been sending away for
Information on various business opportunities. All of the programs
I received, in my opinion were not cost effective. They were
Either too difficult for me to comprehend or the initial
Investment was too much for me to risk to see if they would work
Or not. One claimed that I would make a million dollars in one
Year. It didn' t tell me i' d have to write a book to make it!
But like I was saying, in december I received this program. I
Didn' t send for it, or ask for it; they just got my name off a
Mailing list. Thank goodness for that!!!
After reading it several times, to make sure I was reading it
Correctly, I couldn' t believe my eyes.
Here was a money making phenomenon.
I could invest as much as I wanted to start without putting me
Further into debt. After I got a pencil and paper and figured it
Out, I would at least get my money back. But like most of you i
Was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal
Aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the u. S. Post office
(1 - 800 - 725 - 2161 24 hrs) and they confirmed that it is indeed
Legal! After determining the program was legal and not a chain
Letter, I decided" why not."
Initially I sent out 10, 000 e - mails. It cost me about $15 for my
Time on - line. The great thing about e - mail is that I don' t need
Any money for printing to send out the program, and because all of
My orders are filled via e - mail, the only expense is my time. I am
Telling you like it is. I hope it doesn' t turn you off, but i
Promised myself that I would not' rip - off" anyone, no matter how
Much money it cost me.
Here is the basic version of what you need to do:
Your first goal is to receive at least 20 orders for report #1
Within 2 weeks of your first program going out. If you don' t, send
Out more programs until you do.
Your second goal is to receive at least 150 + orders for report #2
Within 4 weeks. If not, send out more programs until you do.
Once you have your 150 orders, relax, you' ve met your goal. You
Will make $50, 000 + but keep at it! If you don' t get 150 right off,
Keep at it! It may take some time for your down line to build.
Keep at it, stay focused, and do not let yourself get distracted.
In less than one week, I was starting to receive orders for report
#1. I kept at it - kept mailing out the program and by january 13,
1 had received 26 orders for report #1. My first step in making
$50, 000 in 90 days was done.
By january 30, 1 had received 196 orders for report #2; 46 more
Than I needed. So I sat back and relaxed. By march 1, of my
E - mailing of 10, 000, I received $58, 000 with more coming in every
Day. I paid off all my debts and bought a much needed new car.
Please take time to read the attached program, it will change your
Life forever!! Remember, it won' t work if you don' t try it. This
Program does work, but you must follow it exactly! Especially the
Rules of not trying to place your name in a different place. It
Won' t work, you' ll lose out on a lot of money!
In order for this program to work very fast, try to meet your goal
Of 20 + orders for report #1, and 150 + orders for report #2 and you
Will make $50, 000 or more in 90 days. If you don' t reach the first
Two goals with in four weeks, relax, you will still make a ton of
Money, it may take a few months or so longer. But keep mailing out
The programs and stay focused! That' s the key. I am living proof
That it works!!! If you choose not to participate in this program,
I am sorry. It really is a great opportunity with little cost or
Risk to you. If you choose to participate, follow the program and
You will be on your way to financial security.
If you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble
Like I was, or you want to start your own business, consider this
A sign. I did! - sincerely, jonathan rourke
P. S. Do you have any idea what 11, 700 $5 bills ($58, 000) look
Like piled up on a kitchen table? It' s awesome!
A personal note from the originator of this program:
By the time you have read the enclosed program and reports, you
Should have concluded that such a program, and one that is legal,
Could not have been created by an amateur.
Let me tell you a little about myself. I had a profitable business
For 10 years. Then in 1979 my business began falling off. I was
Doing the same things that were previously successful for me, but
It wasn' t working.
Finally, I figured it out. It wasn' t me; it was the economy.
Inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had
Been with us since 1945.
I don' t have to tell you what happened to the unemployment
Rate... Because many of you know from first hand experience. There
Were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before.
The middle class was vanishing. Those who knew what they were
Doing invested wisely and moved up. Those who did not including
Those who never had anything to save or invest were moving down
Into the ranks of the poor.
As the saying goes,' the rich get richer and the poor get poorer."
The traditional methods of making money will never allow you to
" move up" or" get rich". Inflation will see to that.
You have just received information that can give you financial
Freedom for the rest of your life, with" no risk" and" just a
Little bit of effort." you can make more money in the next few
Months than you have ever imagined.
Follow the program exactly as instructed. Do not change it in any
Way. It works exceedingly well as it is now. Remember to e - mail a
Copy of this exciting report to everyone you can think of. One of
The people you send this to may send out 50, 000... And your name
Will be on everyone of them!
Remember though, the more you send out the more potential
Customers you will reach.
So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information, materials
And opportunity to become financially independent. It is up to
You now!
" think about it." before you delete this program from your
Mailbox, as I almost did, take a little time to read it and really
Think about it. Get a pencil and figure out what could happen when
You participate. Figure out the worst possible response and no
Matter how you calculate it, you will still make a lot of money!
You will definitely get back what you invested. Any doubts you
Have will vanish when your first orders come in. It works! - jody
Jacobs, richmond, va
Here' s how this amazing program will make you thousands of dollar $
This method of raising capital really works 100% every time. I am
Sure that you could use up to $50, 000 or more in the next 90 days.
Before you say" no way!" please read this program carefully. This
Is not a chain letter, but a perfectly legal money making
Opportunity. Basically, this is what you do: as with all
Multilevel businesses, we - build our business by recruiting new
Partners and selling our products. Every state in the usa allows
You to recruit new multilevel business partners, and we offer a
Product for every dollar sent. Your orders come by mail and are
Filled by e - mail, so you are not involved in personal selling. You
Do it privately in your own home, store, or office.
This is the greatest multI - level mail order marketing anywhere:
This is what you must do.
1. Order all 5 reports shown on the list below (you can' t sell
Them if you don' t have them).
* for each report, send $5. 00 cash, the name & number of the
Report you are ordering, your e - mail address, and your name &
Return address (in case of a problem).
* make sure your return address is on your envelope - in case of
Any mail problems!
* when you place your order, make sure you order each of the five
Reports. You need all five reports so that you can save them on
Your computer and resell them.
* within a few days you will receive, via e - mail, each of the five
Reports. Save them on your computer so they will be accessible for
You to send to the 1, 000' s of people who will order them from you.
2. Important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed
Next to each report, or their order
On the list in any way other than as instructed below in steps" a"
Through' g" or you will lose out on the majority of your profits.
Once you understand the way this works you' ll also see how it
Doesn' t work if you change it. Remember, this method has been
Tested, and if you alter it, it will not work.
A. Look below for the listing of available reports.
B. After you' ve ordered the. Five reports, take this advertisement
And remove the name and address under report #5. This person has
Made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $50, 000!
C. Move the name and address under report #4 down to report #5.
D. Move the name and address under report #3 down to report #4.
E. Move the name and address under report #2 down to report #3
F. Move the name and address under report #1 down to report #2.
G. Insert your name and address in the report #1 position.
Please make sure you copy every name and address accurately! Copy
And paste method works well,.
3. Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names,
And save it to your computer. Make no changes to the instruction
Portion of this letter.
Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely
You can afford $25). You obviously already have an internet
Connection and e - mail is free!
To assist you with marketing your business on the internet, the 5
Reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing
Information which includes how to send bulk e - mails, where to find
Thousands of free classified ads and much, much more.
Here are two primary methods of building your downline:
Method #1: sending bulk e - mail
Let' s say that you decide to start small, just to see how it goes,
And we' ll assume you and all those involved send out only 2, 000
Programs each. Let' s also assume that the mailing receives a 0. 5%
Response. Using a good list, the response could be much better.
Also, many people will send out hundreds of thousands of programs
Instead of 2, 000. But continuing with this example, you send out
Only 2, 000 programs. With a 0. 5% response, that is only 10 orders
For report #1. Those 10 people respond by sending out 2, 000
Programs each for a total of 20, 000. Out of those 0. 5%, 100 people
Respond and order report #2.
Those 100 mail out 2, 000 programs each for a total of 200, 000. The
0. 5% response to that is 1, 000 orders for report #3. Those 1, 000
Send out 2, 000 programs each for a 2, 000, 000 total. The 0. 5%
Response to that is I 0, 000 orders for report #4. That amounts to
10, 000 each of $5 bills for you in cash money! Then think about
Level five! That' s $500, 000 alone!
Your total income in this example is $50 + $500 + $5, 000 + $50, 000
+ $500, 000 for a total of $555, 550!!!
Remember friend, this is assuming 1, 990 out of the 2, 000 people
You mail to will do absolutely nothing and trash this program!
Dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone, or half
Sent out 100, 000 programs instead of 2, 000. Believe me, many
People will do just that and more!
Report #2 will show you the best methods for bulk e - mailing, and
E - mail software.
Method #2 - placing free ads on the internet
1. Advertising on the net is very, very inexpensive, and there are
Hundreds of free places to advertise. Let' s say you decide to
Start small just to see how well it works. Assume your goal is to
Get only 10 people to participate on your first level. Placing a
Lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response.
Also assume that everyone else in your organization gets only 10
Downline members. Follow this example to achieve the staggering
Results below: lst level - your 10 members with $5....... $50
2 nd level - 10 members from those 10 ($5 x 100)....... $500
3 rd level - 10 members from those 100 ($5 x 1, 000)....... $5, 000
4 th level - 10 members from those 1, 000 ($5 x 10 k)....... $50, 000
5 th level - 10 members from those 10, 000 ($5 x 100 k)....... $500, 000
This totals - $555, 550
Remember friends, this assumes that the people who participate
Only recruit 10 people each. Think for a moment what would happen
If they got 20 people to participate! Most people get 100' s of
Participants.
Think about it! For every $5. 00 you receive, all you must do is
E - mail them the report they ordered. That' s it! Always provide
Same - day service on all orders! This will guarantee that the
E - mail they send out with your name and address on it will be
Prompt because they can' t advertise until they receive the report!
Available reports * * * order each report by number, and
Name * * *
* always send $5 cash (u. S. Currency) for each report. Checks not
Accepted * - always send your order via first class mail - make
Sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two sheets
Of paper (so that the bill can' t be seen against light) on one of
Those sheets of paper include:
(a) the number & name of the report you are ordering,
(b) your e - mail address, and
(c) your name & postal address (in case your e - mail provider
Encounters problems).
Place your order for these reports now:
Report #1" the insiders guide to advertizing for free on the
Internet"
Order report #1 from:
Randy dillard
P. O. Box 8
Osprey, fl 34229
Usa
Report #2" the insiders guide to sending bulk email on the
Internet"
Order report #2 from:
Carla brown
P. O. Box 39093
Sarasota, fl 34238
Usa
Report #3" the secrets to multilevel marketing on the internet"
Order report #3 from:
Glynn schmidt
P. O. Box 19424
Sarasota, fl 34276
Usa
Report #4' how to become a millionaire utilizing the power of
Multilevel marketing and the internet"
Order report #4 from:
Christin joy
Cpo 2398
501 e. College avenue
Wheaton, il 60187
Usa
Report #5" how to send one million e - mails for free."
Order report #5 from:
CherI gerhart
81719 lido avenue
Indio, ca 92201
Usa
About 50, 000 new people get online every month!
* * * * * * * tips for success * * * * * * *
* treat this as your business! Be prompt, professional, and follow
The directions accurately.
* send for the five reports immediately so you will have them when
The orders start coming in. When you receive a $5 order, you must
Send out the requested product/report.
* always provide same - day service on the orders you receive.
* be patient and persistent with this program. If you follow the
Instructions exactly, your results will be successful!
* above all, have faith in yourself and know you will succeed!
* * * * * * * your success guidelines * * * * * * *
Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:
Start posting ads as soon as you mail off for the reports! By the
Time you start receiving orders, your reports will be in your
Mailbox! For now, something simple, such as posting on message
Boards something to the effect of" would you like to know how to
Earn $50, 000 working out of your house with no initial investment?
Email me with the keywords" more info" to find out how. And, when
They email you, send them this report in response!
If you don' t receive 20 orders for report #1 within two weeks,
Continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do.
Then, a couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100
Orders for report #2. If you don' t, continue advertising or sending
E - mails until you do. Once you have received 100 or more orders
For report #2, you can relax, because the system is already
Working for you, and the cash will continue to roll in!
This is important to remember: every time your name is moved down
On the list you are placed in front of a different report. You can
Keep track of your progress by watching which report people are
Ordering from you. If you want to generate more income, send
Another batch of e - mails or continue placing ads and start the
Whole process again! There is no limit to the income you will
Generate from this business!
Before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate
In this program, answer one question...
Do you want to change your life? If the answer is yes, please look
At the following facts about this program:
1. You are selling a product which does not cost anything to
Produce!
2. You are selling a product which does not cost anything to ship!
3. You are selling a product which does not cost you anything to
Advertise!
4. You are utilizing the power of the internet and the power of
MultI - level marketing to distribute your product all over the
World!
5. Your only expenses other than your initial $25 investment is
Your time!
6. Virtually all of the income you generate from this program is
Pure profit!
7. This program will change your life forever.
* * * * * * * testimonials * * * * * * *
This program does work, but you must follow it exactly! Especially
The rule of not trying to place your name in a different position,
It won' t work and you' ll lose a lot of potential income. I' m
Living proof that it works. It really is a great opportunity to
Make relatively easy money, with little cost to you. If you do
Choose to participate, follow the program exactly, and you' ll be
On your way to financial security. - steven bardfield, portland, or
My name is mitchell. My wife, jody, and I live in chicago, il. I
Am a cost accountant with a major u. S. Corporation and I make
Pretty good money. When I received the program I grumbled to jody
About receiving" junk mail." I made fun of the whole thing,
Spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved.
I' knew' it wouldn' t work. Jody totally ignored my supposed
Intelligence and jumped in with both feet. I made merciless fun of
Her, and was ready to lay the old' I told you so' on her when the
Thing didn' t work... Well, the laugh was on me! Within two weeks
She had received over 50 responses. Within 45 days she had
Received over $147, 200 in $5 bills! I was shocked! I was sure that
I had it all figured and that it wouldn' t work. I am a believer
Now. I have joined jody in her" hobby." I did have seven more
Years until retirement, but I think of the' rat race,' and it' s
Not for me. We owe it all to mlm. - mitchell wolf md., chicago, il.
The. Main reason for this letter is to convince you that this
System is honest, lawful, extremely profitable, and is a way to
Get a large amount of money in a short time. I was approached
Several times before 1 checked this out. I joined just to see what
One could expect in return for the minimal effort and money
Required. To my astonishment I received $36, 470. 00 in the first 14
Weeks, with money still coming in.
- charles morris, esq.
Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to make up
My mind to participate in this plan. But conservative that I am, i
Decided that the initial investment was so little that there was
Just no way that I wouldn' t get enough orders to at least get my
Money back. Boy, was I surprised when I found my medium - size post
Office box crammed with orders! For awhile, it got so overloaded
That I had to start picking up my mail at the window. I' ll make
More money this year than any 10 years of my life before. The nice
Thing about this deal is that it doesn' t matter where people live.
There simply isn' t a better investment with a faster return.
- paige willis, des moines, ia
I had received this program before. I deleted it, but later i
Wondered if I shouldn' t have given it a try. Of course, I had no
Idea who to contact to get another copy, so I had to wait until i
Was e - mailed another program... 11 months passed then it came...
I didn' t delete this one!... I made. More than $41, 000 on the
First try!! - violet wilson, johnstown, pa
This is my third time to participate in this plan. We have quit
Our jobs, and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the
Interest on our money. The only way on earth that this plan will
Work for you is if you do it. For your sake, and for your family' s
Sake don' t pass up this golden opportunity. Good luck and happy
Spending! - kerry ford, centerport, ny
It is up to you now! Take 5 minutes to change your future!
Order your reports today and get started on your road to financial
Freedom!
For your information: if you need help with starting a business,
Registering a business name, learning how income tax is handled,
Etc., contact your local office of the small business
Administration (a federal agency) 1 (800) 827 - 5722 for free help
And answers to questions. Also, the internal revenue service
Offers free help via telephone and free seminars about business
Tax requirements.
Under bill sl 618 title hI passed by the 105 th us congress this
Letter cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes
Contact information and a method of removal. This is a one time
E - mail transmission. No request for removal is necessary to
Remove (even though this is not necessary) press
@ yahoo. Com
Stop! If you never read another e - mail please take a moment to
Read this one. This really is worth your valuable time. Even if
You never got involved in the program, the reports themselves are
Well worth the money. They can help you start and advertise any
Business on the internet. That is, these reports stand alone and
Are beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet.
At the very least print this out now to read later if you are
Pressed for time.
- - - -
This sf. Net email is sponsored by: thinkgeek
Welcome to geek heaven.
Http:// thinkgeek. Com/sf
Spamassassin - sightings mailing list
