Subject: re:
For
Immediate release
Cal - bay (stock symbol: cbyi)
Watch for analyst" strong buy recommendations" and several advisory newsletters
Picking cbyi. CbyI has filed to be traded on theotcbb,
Share prices historically increase when companies get listed
On this larger tradingexhange. CbyI is trading around 25 cents
And should skyrocket to $2. 66 - $3. 25 a share in the near future.
Put cbyI on your watch list, acquire a postion
Today.
Reasons to invest in cbyi
A profitable company and is on track to beat all
Earnings estimates
!
One of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety
Equipment instruments.
Excellent management team, several exclusive
Contracts. Impressive client list including theu. S. Air force,
Anheuser - busch, chevron refining and mitsubishI heavy industries,
Ge - energy environmental research.
Rapidly growing industryindustry revenues exceed $900 million, estimates indicate that there
Could be as much as $25 billion from" smell technology" by the end of
2003.
!!!!! Congratulations
!!!!! Our last recommendation to buyorbt at
$1. 29 ralliedand is holding steady at $4. 51!
Congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this
Recommendation.
All removes honered. Please allow 7
Days to be removed and send all address to:
Neveragain@ btamail. Net. Cn
Certain statements contained in this news release may be
Forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
Litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such terms
As" expect"," believe"," may"," will", and" intend" or similar terms. We are not
A registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. This is not an offer to buy
Or sell securities. No recommendation that the securities of the companies
Profiled should be purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn
Of the profiled companies. We were paid $27, 000 in cash by a third party to
Publish this report. Investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of
This information is for reading purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an
Investor, then it will be that investor' s sole risk. Investors are advised not
To invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered
Financial broker. Do not rely solely on the information presented, do additional
Independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing
In the profiled companies. Be advised that the purchase of such high - risk
Securities may result in the loss of your entire investment.
The owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in
CbyI and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open
Market at or about the time this report is published. Factual statements
Are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice.
Not intended for recipients or residents of ca, co, ct, de, id,
Il, ia, la, mo, nv, nc, ok, oh, pa, ri, tn, va, wa, wv, wi. Void where
Prohibited.
Copyright c 2001
* * * *
- - - -
This sf. Net email is sponsored by: thinkgeek
Welcome to geek heaven.
Http:// thinkgeek. Com/sf
Spamassassin - sightings mailing list
