Subject: we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company
We are on the look - out
For new partners such as you and your company
Whether you want to buy or sell, bluecom danmark a/s is worth closer acquaintance
Bluecom danmark a/s is a worldwide it - distributor of pc - systems and add - ons.
Since it' s foundation in 1992 the company has enjoyed constant growth, and is
Always on the look out for new partners to cooperate with.
We have found you and your company through our internet research, and hope to
Establish a fruitful cooperation with you in the future. However, we apologies
If you are not the correct person to contact within your company, and kindly
Request that you forward this message to that person. Further, if this letter
Is of no interest to you and your company, please press the" unsubscribe" button
In this mail.
The easiest way to start cooperating with bluecom danmark a/s is through our
User - friendly website. If any of the features detailed below are of interest
To your company, please click on the link and our cooperation has already begun.
Customer:
Would you like the best prices on the market, plus 24 - hour delivery and an
Incredible 30 days credit?
Then maybe you would like to become our partner or customer.
We are able to offer the absolute best prices on the market because of our large - scale
Procurement of a small number of specific products. Our range includes products
From ibm, compaq and hp options such as notebooks, pcs and monitors. We also
Offer pc parts such as ram, cpus, vga cards, motherboards, wireless products,
Original mobile phones and accessories, hard disks, dvd, cd - rw, tft screens,
From the following top companies: asus, ecs, abit, creative, intel, amd, u. S.
Robotics, lg, plextor, belkin, benq, samsung, ibm software and many more.
Besides delivering at the very best prices, we offer real - time updated prices
Through our customer lounge, 24 - hour delivery all over europe and 30 days credit.
Please click here: customers
Lounge
Supplier:
Are you a future supplier to bluecom danmark a/s?
Bluecom danmark a/s keeps it suppliers updated on products in demand, the specific
Volumes on request, and of course the target prices. If you would like to see
Which products and target prices we are interested in right now,
Please click here: suppliers
Lounge
Everybody:
Would you like to receive it news?
Bluecom danmark a/s offers it news for free. We produce a newsletter with
Articles covering the changes in our industry, new products, tariff rates and
General trends in the it - market. The newsletter also contains information about
Bluecom danmark a/s and the development of its business partners.
Please click here: it - news
Would you like more information about bluecom danmark a/s?
For further information please do not hesitate to contact bluecom danmark a/s.
You can also visit our homepage at: www. Bluecom. Com
Thanks for your time. We look forward to hearing from you.
Best regards
Jens fournais
Managing director
Bluecom danmark a/s
To unsubscribe from this mailing
List, please click here: unsubscribe
(you are subscribed with this e - mail address: fork@ spamassassin. Taint. Org)
