Subject: harvest lots of e - mail addresses quickly!
Dear cpunks,
Want
To harvest a lot of email addresses in a very short time?
Easy email
Searcher is
A powerful email software that
Harvests general email lists from mail servers easy email searcher can get 100, 000 email addresses directly from the email
Servers in only one hour!
Easy email
Searcher is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail marketing. It
Is intended for easy and convenient search large e - mail address lists
From mail servers. The program can be operated on windows 95/98/me/2000
And nt.
Easy email
Searcher support multI - threads (up to 512
Connections).
Easy email
Searcher has the ability to reconnect to the mail
Server if the server has disconnected and continue the searching at the
Point where it has been interrupted.
Easy email
Searcher has an ergonomic interface that is easy to set up
And simple to use.
?? Easy email searcher is an email
Address searcher and bulk e - mail sender. It can verify more than 5500
Email addresses per minute at only 56 kbps speed. It even allows you send
Email to valid email address while searching. You can save the searching
Progress and load it to resume work at your convenience. All you need to
Do is just input an email address, and press the" search"
Button.
Very
Low price! - - - - - - - now, the full version of easy email
Searcher only costs $
39. 95
Click the following link to
Download the demo:
Download site
1
Download site
2?? If you can not download this program, please
Copy the following link into your url, and then click" enter" on your
Computer keyboard.
Here is the
Download links:
Disclaimer: we are strongly against continuously sending
Unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special
Mailings. We have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to
Overlook list management and removal services. This is not unsolicited
Email. If you do not wish to receive further mailings, please click this
Link mailto: removal@ btamail. Net. Cn
. This message is a commercial advertisement. It is compliant
With all federal and state laws regarding email messages including the
California business and professions code. We have provided the subject
Line" adv" to provide you notification that this is a commercial
Advertisement for persons over 18 yrs old.
- - - -
This sf. Net email is sponsored by: thinkgeek
Welcome to geek heaven.
Http:// thinkgeek. Com/sf
Spamassassin - sightings mailing list
