Subject: look! Desparately seeking 100 lazy people.... Who wants to make money
This is not spam. Thanks for posting to our promotional web sites. If you
Wish to no longer receive email from us at this email address, or if you feel
You received this email in error please send an email message to
Solution 244@ hotmail. Com with" remove" placed in the subject line
Dear friend,
We are desparately looking for 100 lazy people
Who wish to make lots of money without working.
We are not looking for people who are self - motivated.
We are not looking for people who join every' get rich
Quick' scheme offered on the internet.
We are not looking for class presidents, beautiful
People, career builders or even college graduates.
We don' t even want union workers or trade school graduates.
We want the laziest people that exist - the guys and
Gals who expect to make money without lifting a finger.
We want the people who stay in bed until noon.
We want those of you who think that getting out of bed to go
Lay on the couch is an effort that is best not thought about.
If you meet this criteria, go to this site and join free:
In case you haven' t figured it out yet, we want
The kind of people who do not take risks.
If you are the kind of person who will consider doing
Something that' s not a' sure thing', then do not respond.
This is too easy a way to make money
And there' s no challenge in it.
If you can get to the website, you will be able to see the first home
Business in history that requires no work. None.
By clicking on this link and going to
This website, you will be aknowledging the fact that you
Want to make enough money that you can quit
Your regular job and sleep all day.
We are not looking for a commitment from you
And we don' t even want your money.
As a matter of fact, we don' t even want you
To hear from us again if the idea of making lots
Of money without working does not interest you.
So if nothing else, remember this -
To make money without working for it just
" join free". Simple as that.
We look forward to hearing from you.
In all seriousness,
This is not a" no work" program that will make you money without lifting
A finger.
Advertising effectively requires work and plenty of it. Oh, for sure, it' s
Not like picking cotton under a broiling sun, but it is work, nonetheless.
And we do want peoples' money only when they see the value of our
Products, services and upgrades.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Cordially your lazy friend,
Theresa brown
We have 10 extremely targeted safe - lists for you to use daily
In your advertising campaign! This is spam - free, worry - free advertising at
Its best!
Get your promotion to prosperity & peace
Sow a seed and god will meet your need!
Give to your local charitable organization
Life in the word
Www. Joycemeyer. Org
Success begins in the mind!
* * * make it a great day * * *