Subject: the best investments
Otc
Newsletter
Discover tomorrow' s winners
For immediate release
Cal - bay (stock symbol: cbyi)
Watch for analyst" strong buy recommendations" and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi. CbyI has filed to be traded on the otcbb, share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger trading exchange. CbyI is trading around 25 cents and should skyrocket to $2. 66 - $3. 25 a share in the near future.
Put cbyI on your watch list, acquire a position today.
Reasons to invest in cbyi
A profitable company and is on track to beat all earnings estimates!
One of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments.
Excellent management team, several exclusive contracts. Impressive client list including the u. S. Air force, anheuser - busch, chevron refining and mitsubishI heavy industries, ge - energy environmental research.
Rapidly growing industry
Industry revenues exceed $900 million, estimates indicate that there could be as much as $25 billion from" smell technology" by the end of 2003.
!!!!! Congratulations!!!!! Our last recommendation to buy orbt at $1. 29 rallied and is holding steady at $3. 50! Congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this recommendation.
All removes honored. Please allow 7 days to be removed and send all addresses to:
Goneforgood@ btamail. Net. Cn
Certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such terms as" expect"," believe"," may"," will", and" intend" or similar terms. We are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities. No recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies. We were paid $27, 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report. Investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an investor, then it will be that investor' s sole risk. Investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker. Do not rely solely on the information presented, do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies. Be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment. Not intended for recipients or residents of ca, co, ct, de, id, il, ia, la, mo, nv, nc, ok, oh, pa, ri, tn, va, wa, wv, wi. Void where prohibited. The owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyI and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published. Factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice.
Copyright c 2001
Otc
* * * *