Subject:. +. 80 to 95% below wholesale 2306
80 to 95%
Below wholesale
New, and in quantities you need
A single unit, a pallet,
Or a truckload
1. Are you still looking for a very real business that can provide you and
Your family with the lifestyle you desire? Or, just a second income in your
Spare time?
2. Would you invest $66. 50 (a 33% discount off of our regular price of
$99. 95 during this limited time promotion.) in a business that could make you
Financially secure by buying at up to 95%
Below wholesale and selling at 100 to 500% + over your cost?
If so, read on:
This is not a get rich quick scheme, but, it is a way for you to get into
A business with a minimal investment and, may be your first step towards a
Rewarding first, or second income. For the longest time, only those, who were
Able to make large investments were able to take advantage of this type of a
Business. We have made it possible for everyone to do it, and at a price
Everyone can afford.
Corporate america has conditioned us to believe that security comes from
Employment. Yet layoffs are hitting an all time high, major corporations are
Failing and we hope to never become the victims of this downsizing, career
Burn out, illness or injury.
There was a time, when finding another job was not a problem, but today,
The frightening reality for a lot of people is that the
Plastic in their wallets determines the quality of their lives.
The hard facts show that our economy has moved from the industrial age
Into the information, service and retail age. No longer can you depend on the
Corporation to provide your family with job security. We all need a backup
Plan.
If you are tired of living from paycheck to paycheck, and are willing to
Work a few hours per week, than this may be for you.
Please read further:
We will show you how you can buy, new, not out of date, products for pennies
On the wholesale dollar. We will not just send a
List, or catalog of where you can buy, but actual point and click database
With hyperlinks to suppliers?ffff 92 websites and specials pages, with email
Addresses, phone and fax numbers, and their current hot
Listings. Unlike others?ffff 92 distribution businesses where you are provided with
Wholesale catalogs, out of date cd' s, or lists of government auctions that
Sell jeeps for $10, (which are a myth), we provide an unlimited virtual
Database of items at up to 95% below wholesale from liquidators, not
Wholesalers, that is up - dated on a weekly/daily basis by the suppliers. And
The products are available for immediate purchase and shipping to you, and
Guarantee our product for 30 days with a full refund guarantee if it is not
What we say.
This database is designed for the individual or a small business. Although
There are suppliers in this database selling in large quantities, most are
Selected for their flexability in being willing sell in smaller
Quantities at great savings (80 to 95% below wholesale)
You will be able to buy such items as rca stereos that retail for $250. 00 +
For $10 to $20. 00, new boom boxes for $12. 50 each, palm pilots for $39. 00, cell
Phone antenna boosters that sell on tv for $19. 95 - - for. 16 cents, perfect
Pancake makers as seen on tv for $19. 95, for $6. 50, cd?ffff 92 s for $0. 75 each,
Pentium computers for as little as $11. 00, or computer software that retails
Up to $74. 99 for $0. 50 each.
If you would like to see some sample listings and featured specials, please
Email us at moreof 80 to 95@ themail. Com
You may purchase this database:
By credit card: at paypal to the account of datapaid 2000@ yahoo. Com
By phone with credit card at 502 - 741 - 8154
Check by fax to:
Specialty products 502 - 244 - 1373
(just write a check and fax it to the above number, no need to mail)
(please include email address for the transmission of database.)
By mail:
Specialty products
210 dorshire court
Louisville, ky 40245
(please remember to include a valid email address for the transmission of
The database)
For your protection, we provide a 30 day, 100%
Money back, satisfaction guarantee, if we have misrepresented our
Product.
What do you get for your $66. 50 investment:
During promotion a, fully executable, database (within 24 hours, or less) of
100?ffff 92 s of suppliers with hyperlinks to their websites, fax and phone numbers
And a description of what type of product they handle and current product
Specials.
And, on - going telephone support during normal business hours.
Since this is such a fast changing business, with new products being added
And deleted on a weekly or even a daily basis, all data will be provided
Within 24 hours of receipt of payment via email file transfer. (no waiting or
Shipping and handling costs) the $66. 50 is your total
One time cost. (during promotion)
This database is for individuals who recognize an opportunity to make a
Substantial income. Keep in mind, everyone likes a bargain, and even more so
When the economy is down. So, even if you just want to buy for your own use, a
Single purchase could repay your initial investment. And, remember we provide
A 30 day, full refund satisfaction guarantee.
We know that this has been a brief description, and you may want
Additional information. You may email us at moreof 80 to 95@ themail. Com
For additional information and a sample of listings currently being offered by
Various suppliers. (if you give us some idea of what
Types of products interest you, we will try to include some sample listings of
Those products.)
We look forward to being of service in your new venture.
Specialty products
