Subject: selling travel in today' s economy
Good morning!
Since it may have been awhile since you visited us
Atwww. Mailpound. Comi
Wanted to update you on what is happening. When we launched the mailpound
Almost two years ago, our focus was on saving time, toner and
Treesby providing an alternative fororganizing the huge
Number of faxes suppliers sent travel agents each week. Our most popular
Feature was the fam section, followed by the weekly sweepstakes.
But that has changed.
Like many involved in selling retail travel, we have been
Striving to find ways to succeed in a challenging environment. Additional
Commission cuts, the aftermath of 9/11, and the drop in the stock
Market, has
Had a cumulative effect on all of us. To survive, to succeed, we know
That we
Will need to work harder, work smarter, and work together. We have
Gotten a
Tremendous amount of support from travel agents and this has translated
Into
The ability to get more support for travel agents from suppliers.
Our focus has expanded from providing a resource for
Searching supplier
Special offers to providing a suite of tools and services that can create
Sales and raise commissions. Almost all of these services are supplier
Supported and free to travel agents.
Actively seek out the beste - commerce
Values
Helpyou market special offers to your
Clients
Host personal web sites for travel agents with
Mailpound
Content *
Offerhigher commissions through
Consolidation
Organize sales incentives from suppliers
Provide new technology for fast and easyonline
Bookings
Provide your clients with the ability to book through
You,
Online
* mpdirect services are offered for
$9. 95/month
We invite you to visit us soon at www. Mailpound. Comor
Check out the links shown below. See how the free services we offer the
Travel
Agent community can help you succeed. The summer is almost over, now is
The
Time to prepare for the upcoming selling season.
For more information regarding higher commissions
And booking online:
Www. Mailpound. Com/bliss _ intro. Htm
For more information about your personal web site:
Www. Mailpound. Com/mpdirect
To register free at mailpound:
Www. Mailpound. Com/registration /
Sincerely,
Bob maier, president
Smart travel technologies, inc.
Rmaier@ smart 2000. Com
856 - 983 - 6100 ext. 101
12 east stow road, suite 210
Marlton, new jersey 08053
If you do not want to receive these
Messages
In the future, please reply to this message with remove in the subject
Line.
Http:// xent. Com/mailman/listinfo/fork