Subject: a cry for help
Dear friend, I am mrs. Sese - seko widow of late president mobutu
Sese - seko of zaire? Now known as democratic republic
Of congo (drc). I am moved to write you this letter,
This was in confidence considering my and situation.
I escaped along with my husband and two of our sons
George kongolo and basher out of democratic republic of
Congo (drc) to abidjan, cote d' ivoire where my family
And I settled, while we later moved to settled in
Morroco where my husband later died of cancer
Disease. However due to this situation we decided to
Changed most of my husband' s billions of dollars
Deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other
Forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new
Head of state of (dr) mr laurent kabila has made
Arrangement with the swiss government and other
European countries to freeze all my late husband' s
Treasures deposited in some european countries. Hence
My children and I decided laying low in africa to
Study the situation till when things gets better,
Like now that president kabila is dead and the son
Taking over (joseph kabila). One of my late husband' s
Chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the
French government, and as such I had to change my
Identity so that my investment will not be traced and
Confiscated. I have deposited the sum eighteen million
United state dollars (us $18, 000, 000, 00.) with a
Security company, for safekeeping. The funds are
Security coded to prevent them from
Knowing the content. What I want you to do is to
Indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on our
Behalf. Acknowledge this message, so that I can introduce you to my son
(kongolo) who has the out modalities for the claim of the said funds. I
Want you to assist in investing this money, but I will not want my identity
Revealed. I will also want to buy properties and stock in multI - national
Companies and to engage in other safe and
Non - speculative investments. May I at this point
Emphasise the high level of confidentiality, which
This business demands, and hope you will not betray
The trust and confidence, which I repose in you. In
Conclusion, if you want to assist us, my son shall
Put you in the picture of the business, tell you
Where the funds are currently being maintained and
Also discuss other modalities including remunerationfor your services.
For this reason kindly furnish us your contact
Information, that is your personal telephone and fax
Number for confidential purpose. Best regards, mrs m. Sese seko