Subject: internet news feeds for executives dfvht
Finally,
A newsfeed that delivers current and
Relevant sales, marketing & advertising articles from
Such magazines as business 2. 0, fast company, technology
Marketing, wired, pc world, asia street intelligence, inc, bank technology...
All in one location font - size: 16 px; color: #000066" > easy
To read. Easy to use. Easy on your time.
Providing
The internets' most
Comprehensive web directory for sales,
Marketing font - size: 14 px; color: #000000" > today' s
Top business magazine reviews along with a wide selection of articles from
Relevant sales and marketing topics.
Gain
Access to all the suppliers and
Resources you need to do your job effectively.
If
You can' t find the supplier or resource
That you need... One of our reps will
Go to work to find it for you.
Business 2. 0, fast company, technology marketing, wired, pc world, asia street intelligence, inc, bank technology and more
You are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers from
Offersrus. Net or one of it' s marketing affiliates. If you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers, please scroll down to unsubscribe.
This e - mailing has been sent to you as a person interested in the information enclosed. This e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states. This message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail (h. R. 4176 - section 101 paragraph (e) (1) (a)) and bill s. 1618 title iiI passed by the 105 th us congress. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience. This message is not intended for residents of wa, nv, ca, va. Screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability. If you are a california, nevada, washington, or virginia resident please follow the instructions below and you will be permanently removed from our list immediately.
If you would like to be removed from our e - mail list, please click on the words
Remove me
Click send, and you will be removed from our list immediately.
Ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie