Subject: industry forum #136
The industry forum
Minute man ii
160 lbs. Light - requires no electricity - under $6000 complete! Now everybody can be a foamer!
Small, one time project? Froth - pak is the answer! Smallest self - contained out - of - box foam application for repairs and small jobs! Also available: insta - stick, tilebond, roofpak and more!
Get your copy of the industry catalog! Most complete reference for our industry!
Click on the picture above to learn more about the equipment!
The industry forum issue #136
10341 forum members
#136 - 1: dik m, pa
It would be much more useful to the industry, if spfa would help find a" code conforming" fire barrier for attics, crawl spaces etc., than lecture on fast and loose applications of code. Something about 30 cents (a bd. Ft.) installed, meeting all codes and spray applied. Many companies we talk to have a product that appears to be perfect but they haven' t spent the money to test over foam. Maybe a small committee could do a evaluation of various products, report results to spfa, who in turn will" acquire funding" from us.
#136 - 2 william b, australia
We are in australia but we are finding it hard to locate polyurea sprayers here so that we can start a chapter of the pda do u have any list of australian contractors/suppliers???? Or maybe they can put their hand up and lets us know at enviroline@ powerup. Com. Au, it isfor the betterof the game that an association is need to inform clients and specifiers of the uses and properties of polyureas and train its own members, also to keep cowboys out that give the industry a bad name
#136 - 3 ed m.
I am a writer for aviation magazines and one that I write for is a test international, a new publication that just launched this month. I need any new processes you might have that would be used on aircraft, particularly commercial aviation.
#136 - 4 john c, louisiana
I have a foam cat 2000 graco machine and a probler gun with a 01 tip. I use this setup to spray truck bed liners. My question is can I and how do I spray foam insulation using my equipment? And what are the different types of insulation?
#136 - 5 murph mahaffey, glas - craft
I like the new look of the industry forum!
#136 - 6 mark w, south carolina
I' m sick of all this garbage about covering foam with a" thermal barrier". What the hell do you think foam is? If you are saying that anything that can be forced to burn should be covered with a fireproof barrier, then you' d better get busy covering all those trusses and joists and plywood up there that are definitely not carrying a class one fire rating. This double standard for foam is coming directly from those who stand to lose business from it. Icynene is different. It doesn' t burn alone. It doesn' t melt. It doesn' t emit phosgene. Does it smoke in a fire situation? Sure, so what?
Blaming foam in the attic for a house fire because it forces the foam to eventually burn is about as stupid as blaming foam seat cushions for burning when a gas tank ruptures and burns up a car. Get real, inspectors. You want us to cover up the only thing in the attic assembly that doesn' t burn!
As for the vaunted r rating system, it is totally bogus. The test is designed to make porous insulations appear to perform better than they actually do. Measuring only conduction and ignoring convection and radiant to convective transfer, the test should have been thrown out for the industry lackey it is 20 years ago, along with that obsolete fiberglassgarbage they' re still selling everybody. There' s a reason they don' t make refrigerators, freezers coolers coffee cups out of fiberglass or cellulose. Think about it.
#136 - 7 dirk benthien, forum moderator
Thank you, mark and dik, for your statements above. I also feel that far too often individuals and companies are too complacent and quietly live with rules and regulations without trying to change them - even if everybody knows they do not make sense. We are all experts and representatives of this industry and should speak up and promote change!
#136 - 8 martin s, canada
Does anyone make a dispensing machine for crumb rubber/urethane blends?
#136 - 9 carole l, california re #135 - 8 otto v, germany
What are the answers? (phase - out of 141 b)
#136 - 10 brian d, canada
There has been a lot of talk about ceramic coatings. We are a distributor of such a coating. We have never professed an r - 20. Reason = is there isn' t an astm test available to measure coatings for r - value. We compare standardized insulation to ceramic coatings via btu loss calculations. Depending on the criteria we can equal 2 to 3 inches of standard insulation with an aluminum jacket. We have the data and the projects to prove it.
#136 - 11 cpi
We have inquiries from a number of people for used equipment - especially gusmer h 20/35, h 2000, h 2, gx - 7 and glas - craft probler. Please contact 805 - 552 - 9128. + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
End of messages.
This forum welcomes anyone interested in the processing of single - or plural - component materials such as polyurethane, polyurea, coatings, epoxies, and other spray - applied materials.
The industry forum. A free eservice from
To ask or answer a question, or to contribute anything, simply send an e - mail to forum@ cpillc. Com
Used gusmer h 20/35 and probler gun for sale! 805 - 552 - 9128
Your privacy is protected! Please read the policies and rules at cpillc. Com.
Show your name here! Become a sponsor! Call 805 - 552 - 9128 or send an email to cpi.
Read this and previous forum issues all on one page. It will only work if you are connected to the internet! Click here to go to cpillc. Com/forumdiscussion. Htm.
Visit cpi, llc on the web. Click http:// www. Cpillc. Com /
CpI is authorized distributor for all leading manufacturers in this industry including gusmer, glas - craft, graco, resin technology, dynasolve.
Cpi' s customers enjoy impartial advice, full service, life - long free phone support, training and set - up with all new system at a very fair price!
Shop our online warehouse 24/7 most efficient procurement anywhere! Www. Cpillc. Com/warehouse. Htm
Job marketspray jobs
Did we miss someone? Feel free to submit any number of e - mail addresses of coworkers and friends to be included here. Again, this service is free for all! Help grow our forum!
We' re cpi. We make it work!
Call us toll - free 877 - cpI - 2100805 - 552 - 9128
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001, 2002 cpi, llc. All rights reserved. Disclaimers and limitations of liabilities posted at cpillc. Comthis free eservice is made possible by cpi. Please visit their web site at www. Cpillc. Com or call toll - free 877 - 274 - 2600 or 805 - 552 - 9128. If you wish to unsubscribe, please hit the reply button - subject = remove. Please allow 3 days to take effect.
