Subject: your gateway to wealth
Profiles +
Professional is a personal and business analysis tool that analyzes
A client' s insurance, investment and financial planning goals, to
Help them see their situation today compared to their objectives.
Profiles +
Professional is an ideal tool for true financial planning. It not
Only provides a thorough analysis, including asset allocation, but
It can calculate tax implications in a client' s plan. Due to its
Modular format, it can be used for specific planning needs, as well
As more comprehensive planning.
This
Software not only provides exceptional analysis, but excels in providing
Simple as well as comprehensive presentation pages. By uncovering
Multiple needs, producers sell more products.
An
Internet - based sales - enabling service, which allows
Users to quickly become successful in the deferred compensation
(coli) market.
Focus on mid - market businesses. In the area of executive benefits,
The mid - market opportunity should be defined by either the number
Of employees within a company, or more specifically by the number
Of highly compensated executives within a company.
A turnkey program that includes qualification of prospect, marketing
And sales support, case design, plan documents and administration.
Global
Insurance funding transaction (g. I. F. T.) is a sophisticated premium - financing
Program that provides an alternative funding mechanism for life
Products purchased to offset large estate and corporate liabilities.
Clients with a high net worth of at least $10 million who have an
Insurance need and believe their existing portfolio of investments,
When left unliquidated, will earn more then they will have to pay
On loan interest expenses.
G. I. F. T. Offers compelling sales solutions, comprehensive supplemental
Illustrations and access to a consortium of established banks willing
And able to lend in this market. Loans are available in both u. S.
Dollars and japanese yen.
Please fill out the form below for more information
Name:
E - mail:
Phone:
City:
State:
Zip:
Primary insurance carrier:
Broker - dealer:
If you are currently contracted with any of the
Jefferson pilot financial family of companies,
Please disregard this ad.
We don' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish
To receive them. This is a professional communication sent to
Insurance professionals. To be removed from this mailing list,
Do not reply to this message. Instead, go here: http:// www. Insuranceiq. Com/optout
Legal notice
