Subject: investment opportunity.
Dear friend,
You will be surprise to see this message but I got your information
Through spartanburg, area chamber of commerce usa.
My name is howard jones, a chief auditor, during my last auditing in
The
In london, uk we realized the sum $35. 5 million owned by one patric zuma
From egypt who died
In a fatal motor accident in nov. 15, 2004 while he was away on vacation
In egypt.
All efforts, made to reach the relatives of mr. Patric zuma for the past
Two years, have not yielded any positive result. It was later gathered
That mr. Zuma? S divorced wife died some two years ago in gaza.
In our last board meeting, the directors jointly decided that mr. Zuma? S
Money should be included in the annual profit for the year 2005. Since
I was the one who introduced mr. Zuma to the bank, I objected to the
Decision and demanded that the fund remains floating in the treasury
For another one year to see if we could actually get the relatives of
Mr. Zuma to claim the money.
I am seeking your partnership to transfer this funds to your account
For your co - operation and assistance I willcompensate you with 25%
70% percent for me and 5% set aside for any saundry expenses.
With your consent, we will put up a claim on your behalf as next of kin
To mr. Zuma, iwill send you all the documents to you. Once this is
Done,
The claims & verification dept will have the funds processed and wired to
Your account, then we can meet to share the money together.
Please I want you to keep this information very confidential as the
Exposure of this information might even lead to my life imprisonment or
Death. If you are not willing to assist me, then I will beg you to
Still keep the informations secret.
Let me have your telephone number so that I can reach you if you need
Me to call you. I look forward to hearing from you soon. I am presently
In london on special duties.
Thank you and regards
Howard jones
Alternative e -, mail addres: howard _ jones@ katamail. Com