Subject: the next move higher for strong market leader
Homeland security investments
The terror attacks on the united states on september 11, 2 ool have
Changed
The security | andscape for the foreseeabie future. Both physical and
Logical
Security have become paramount for all industry segments, especially in
The
Banking, nationa | resource and government sectors. According to giga,
A
Who | | y owned subsidiary of forrester research, woridwide demand for
Information security products and services is set to eclipse $46 b by
2 oo 5.
Homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing
Our
Readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this
Lucrative sector. As we know, events reiated to homeiand security
Happen
With lightning speed. What we as investors can do is position
Ourseives in
Such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to
Capitaiize on events which have yet to happen. Homeland security
Investments is here to help our readers do just that.
With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present vinobie,
Inc.
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long
Terms.
Symbol: vnbl. Ob
Current price: o. O 8
Short term target price: 0. 35
12 month target price: 1. 20
* * * why we beiieve vnbl. Ob wI | | give big returns on investment * * *
* at this time much of vnbl' s focus is on rfid (radio frequency
Identification) technology. This is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors
To
Transmit information about a person or object wireiessly.
* vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location
Technoiogy.
* vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies
And
Governments to wireiessly track their assets and resources. Such
Technology
Has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials
Designated" high risk" were they to fail into the wrong hands.
* vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order
To
Create" high security space" in | ocales where it is deemed necessary.
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea
Ports,
Mines, nuciear facilities, and more.
* as with a | | stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has
Made vnbl a hot buy.
News on vnbl
Malibu, caiif. - - (business wire) - - june 16, 2 oo 5 - - vinobie, inc.
(otcbb: vnbl -
News), a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth
Opportunities
In the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and
Other
Security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and
Services that wI | | assist in the automation of the identification and
Control of equipment, assets, tools, and the reiated processes used in
The
Oil & gas and petrochemica | industries.
Aithough sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines
And
Equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious, they
Can
Aiso deliver safety features within oI | welis. OI | maybe trapped in
Different | ayers of rock, aiong with gas and water. Detection of
Specific
| iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise
Opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur,
Such as
A well filiing with water.
As with other rf based technoiogy appiications, rfid can also provide
The
Safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handier, and | imit the
Entry of personnel to specific locations. Ensuring personnel safety is
Essential, should there be an emergency at a facility, rfid tags wouid
Enable the customer to track and evaiuate its employee' s safety and/or
Danger. This application technology requires product and hardware that
Can
Operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions, but gives
Vaiuable
Safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. Rfid
Can
Aiso assist the customer' s suppiy chain by tracking oI |, gas, and
Chemica |
Products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail | eve |.
Vinobie' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are
More
Than just a valuable tool to the mining industry, but as a protective
Measure of our country' s natural resources and commodities against
Threat.
Preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of
U. S.
Industry and economy.
The company beiieves that such offering service and technology
Application
In the oI | & gas and petrochemica | industry will further position
Vinobie in
A rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the
Increasing capital and giobal spending that the company wI | | require
For
Growth. The company' s goa | is to also provide a much - needed service at
A
Cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can' t afford to
Do
Without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of
Constant threat.
This is outstanding news. The growth potential for this company is
Exceptiona |. In an already hot industry, vnbl. Ob stands out as a truiy
Innovative pioneer. We see big things happening to this stock.
Information within this emaI | contains" forward looking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements." forward | ooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
Actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" will,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" believes,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" could," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors inciude: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a reiated party through a majority
Stockhoider, suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materiais:
Reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fu | | y spelied out in the company' s sec
Fiiings. We urge you to read the fiiings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misieading. A | | information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The pubiisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as | ega |, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
Of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
In the examples given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as aiways, past performance is never indicative of future
Resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort, including a review of a
Company' s fiiings, should be completed prior to investing. In
Compiiance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate shareholder for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Will se | | at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent conflict
Of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. Ail factual information
In this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
Limited to company websites, sec fiiings and company press reieases.
The
Rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia |
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.