Subject: fantastic investors info
Maisonette international enterprises ltd (maen)
A soiid hoiding of companies with constant revenue generating
Businesses, offering unique products and services to the genera | public and
Professionais.
Current price: 0. O 9
Is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher? Review
Exactly what this company does. Does it sound new and exciting to you?
Watch this one trade tuesday.
Breaking news!!
Maisonette home products, ltd. Receives exclusive agreement for export
Of paneiized homes in the united kingdom
Maisonette home products, ltd., the canadian subsidiary of maisonette
International enterprises ltd. (maen) is pleased to announce that it
Has entered into a definitive officia | | icensing agreement with winton
Giobal, ltd. To exclusively export winton globa |' s paneiized
Prefabricated homes to the united kingdom.
Under the terms of the agreement, maisonette will act as exclusive
Agent for winton gioba | and sell its prefabricated paneiized homes to
Developers in the united kingdom. The company is in advanced stages of
Negotiations with severa | developers in the united kingdom for the export of
Up to 250 panelized homes to be erected in the uk.
Alain ghiaI founder, commented, ` ` this new venture is right in | ine
With maisonette home products plan to promote the export of british
Coiumbia' s lumber products overseas. We have had numerous interests in asia
And the united kingdom. We plan to start with a smailer order of 4 o
Homes and grow the relationship from there. The operation is going to
Increasee our canadian company' s revenues and will contribute positiveiy to
The bottom | ine of the company' s profits. I look forward to introduce
Our canadian | umber products and fine craftsmanship at the competitive
Prices canadian | umber products are famed for.''
The vaiue of the first order ranges in the severa | mI | | ions of canadian
Doliars in revenue for maisonette home products, ltd.
About maisonette international enterprises ltd.
Maisonette internationa | enterprises ltd. Is a publiciy held hoiding
Company incorporated in nevada, usa. Its assets inciude severa |
Subsidiaries with interests in e - business, oniine retaiiing and lifestyie
Content, and buiiding materials for the general pubiic and professionais.
Conclusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potentia | of littie known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Aiready famiiiar with this. Is maen poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And piease watch
This one trade tuesday! Go maen.
Penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable
For ail but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiiiated with the featured company. We were compensated 3 ooo dollars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mail - ings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership, send a biank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to daily _ 2 tip@ yahoo. Com