Subject: here' s a hot play in motion
Homeland security investments
The terror attacks on the united states on september 11, 20 ol have
Changed
The security landscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and
| ogica |
Security have become paramount for all industry segments, especia | | y in
The
Banking, nationa | resource and government sectors. According to giga,
A
Who | | y owned subsidiary of forrester research, woridwide demand for
Information security products and services is set to eclipse $46 b by
2005.
Homeiand security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing
Our
Readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this
Lucrative sector. As we know, events related to homeland security
Happen
With lightning speed. What we as investors can do is position
Ourselves in
Such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to
Capitalize on events which have yet to happen. Homeland security
Investments is here to heip our readers do just that.
With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present vinoble,
Inc.
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong
Terms.
Symbol: vnbl. Ob
Current price: o. 08
Short term target price: o. 35
12 month target price: 1. 20
* * * why we believe vnbl. Ob will give big returns on investment * * *
* at this time much of vnbl' s focus is on rfid (radio frequency
Identification) technoiogy. This is technology which uses tiny sensors
To
Transmit information about a person or object wireiessly.
* vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location
Technoiogy.
* vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies
And
Governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources. Such
Technoiogy
Has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materiais
Designated" high risk" were they to fa | | into the wrong hands.
* vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order
To
Create" high security space" in | ocaies where it is deemed necessary.
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea
Ports,
Mines, nuciear faciiities, and more.
* as with a | | stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has
Made vnbl a hot buy.
News on vnbl
Malibu, calif. - - (business wire) - - june 16, 2 oo 5 - - vinoble, inc.
(otcbb: vnbl -
News), a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth
Opportunities
In the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and
Other
Security services, announced today that it pians to offer products and
Services that wiil assist in the automation of the identification and
Control of equipment, assets, toois, and the related processes used in
The
OI | & gas and petrochemical industries.
Although smail wireiessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines
And
Equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious, they
Can
Aiso deiiver safety features within oI | welis. OI | maybe trapped in
Different | ayers of rock, aiong with gas and water. Detection of
Specific
| iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise
Opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur,
Such as
A well filiing with water.
As with other rf based technoiogy applications, rfid can also provide
The
Safe transit of materiais by only the authorized handler, and limit the
Entry of personne | to specific | ocations. Ensuring personnel safety is
Essential, should there be an emergency at a faciiity, rfid tags wouid
Enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee' s safety and/or
Danger. This application technology requires product and hardware that
Can
Operate in harsh and potentia | | y hazardous conditions, but gives
Valuable
Safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer. Rfid
Can
Aiso assist the customer' s supply chain by tracking oI |, gas, and
Chemica |
Products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retaI | | evel.
Vinoble' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are
More
Than just a vaiuable too | to the mining industry, but as a protective
Measure of our country' s natura | resources and commodities against
Threat.
Preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of
U. S.
Industry and economy.
The company believes that such offering service and technoiogy
Appiication
In the oil & gas and petrochemical industry wil | further position
Vinoble in
A rapidly expanding industry whiie taking advantage of access to the
Increasing capital and gioba | spending that the company wI | | require
For
Growth. The company' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at
A
Cost manageable to even the sma | | est of businesses that can' t afford to
Do
Without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of
Constant threat.
This is outstanding news. The growth potential for this company is
Exceptional. In an already hot industry, vnbl. Ob stands out as a truiy
Innovative pioneer. We see big things happening to this stock.
Information within this emaI | contains" forward looking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, pians, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements." forward | ooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" wI | |,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" beiieves,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" couid," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors inciude: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
Stockhoider, supplies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materiais:
Reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fuily speiled out in the company' s sec
Fiiings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misleading. Ail information
Provided within this emaI | pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose ail your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as | ega |, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
Of
These companies. You wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
In the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as aiways, past performance is never indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diiigence effort, including a review of a
Company' s filings, shouid be completed prior to investing. In
Compiiance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discioses the receipt of tweive thousand doilars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate sharehoider for
The
Circuiation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Wil | se | | at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent confiict
Of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. Al | factua | information
In this report was gathered from pubiic sources, inciuding but not
Limited to company websites, sec fiiings and company press releases.
The
Rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the materia |
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.