Subject: sto - ck advice
Structure & technology report
May 10 th, 2005 - - for immediate release
Investors and traders:
Pinnacle group limited, inc. (pgpu) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc.
Aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment
& commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market.
In today' s market, aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition.
Symbol: pgpu. Pk
Current price: 0. 68
Short term target price: $2. 25
12 month target price: $5. 25
Pinnaclegli. Com
Aerofoam metals inc investment considerations:
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structura | technoiogy
Aerofoammetals. Com
Press release - - may 10 th, 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
The company foilowing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
Metais incorporated (" aerofoam") have reached an agreement in principie. The parties have entered into
A binding | etter of intent, whereby, pinnacle wiil acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
Aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie. The number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
Aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3, 50 o, 00 o common shares. The major sharehoider of aerofoam who
Beneficiaily owns 56% of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
In favor of this acquisition. The parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
Immediately and to hold a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing
This | etter of intent.
Pinnacle group ltd profiie:
Pinnacie group is a u. S. Based holding company, traded on the pinksheets. Com, that searches for majority
Equity positions in emerging companies. Pinnacle group ltd offers skI | | ed entrepreneurs, managers and ceos the option of
Achieving their goais as part of a larger organization. The company provides capital and management
Assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies.
The company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires, using tried and proven methods
To expand the business, who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals.
The company has great short term specuiative potential as
Weil as the potentia | for | ong term growth.
We beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $2. 25
We beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $5. 25
This is why pgpu might be the next hot pick!
Please foliow this one trade tuesday!!
Nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
Advice. Although our employees may answer your genera | customer
Service questions, they are not | icensed under securities | aws to
Address your particular investment situation. No communication by our
Employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice.
We expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
Any security recommended to our readers. All of our employees and
Agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
The maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to following an initia |
Recommendation. Any investments recommended in this | etter should be
Made oniy after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
Reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company.
To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, reply piease to:
No _ morenewsletters 7@ yahoo. Com
(c) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter all rights reserved