Subject: is this sto - ck ready to blaze higher?
Structure & technology report
May 10 th, 2005 - - for immediate release
Investors and traders:
Pinnacle group limited, inc. (pgpu) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc.
Aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market.
In today' s market, aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and | ittie competition.
Symbo |: pgpu. Pk
Current price: o. 68
Short term target price: $2. 25
12 month target price: $5. 25
Pinnaclegli. Com
Aerofoam metals inc investment considerations:
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structura | technology
Aerofoammetals. Com
Press release - - may loth, 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
The company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
Metals incorporated (" aerofoam") have reached an agreement in principle. The parties have entered into
A binding | etter of intent, whereby, pinnacle wI | | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of
Aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie. The number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
Aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3, 50 o, ooo common shares. The major shareholder of aerofoam who
Beneficially owns 56% of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
In favor of this acquisition. The parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
Immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
This | etter of intent.
Pinnacle group ltd profile:
Pinnacie group is a u. S. Based hoiding company, traded on the pinksheets. Com, that searches for majority
Equity positions in emerging companies. Pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs, managers and ceos the option of
Achieving their goals as part of a larger organization. The company provides capital and management
Assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies.
The company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires, using tried and proven methods
To expand the business, who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals.
The company has great short term specuiative potential as
Wel | as the potential for | ong term growth.
We believe the speculative near term target price is - $2. 25
We beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $5. 25
This is why pgpu might be the next hot pick!
Please fo | | ow this one trade tuesday!!
Nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment
Advice. Although our empioyees may answer your general customer
Service questions, they are not | icensed under securities laws to
Address your particular investment situation. No communication by our
Empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice.
We expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
Any security recommended to our readers. Ail of our empioyees and
Agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after
The mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia |
Recommendation. Any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be
Made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
Reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company.
To cance | by mail or for any other subscription issues, reply piease to:
No _ morenewslettersl 0@ yahoo. Com
(c) 20 o 5 investment newsletter a | | rights reserved