Subject: stock 2 watch
Pop 3 media corp (popt)
A company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
Media conglomerates and the universe of independent music, film, publishing
And technology companies.
Current price: 0. 022
Will it continue higher? Watch this one wednesday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
Pop 3 media corp. (popt) and roxxy corporation announced that the
Companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation will
Acquire a 66% interest in pop 3' s wholly owned subsidiary, viastar
Distribution group, inc." vdg," forming a revolutionary new music company,
Controversial entertainment corporation. The transaction, consisting of
Stock and cash, when completed, will provide pop 3' s shareholders with a
33% stake in the new company.
Roxxy' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los
Angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment
Corporation in the coming weeks. The companies intend to complete and
Execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th, 2005, and seek shareholder
Approval immediately thereafter.
Pop 3' s ceo, john d. Aquilino, stated," this alliance will allow pop 3 to
Achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
Industry. One that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
Create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers
Access to a variety of artists through a variety of media."
Roxxy' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives
Drawn from the major labels and also includes a staff of in - house
Producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry
Today.
" it is roxxy' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
Labels' lack of commitment to their artists and customers; labels that
Cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multI - million
Selling recordings, but who consistently release albums which sell
Hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base; artists
That can easily generate revenues between $1 and $5 million per title,"
Stated john shebanow, roxxy' s ceo.
" additionally, the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability
To distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22, 000 retail
Location in north america, effectively doubling the company' s net
Profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
Artists."
Mr. Shebanow concluded," while there are smaller labels that do provide
A home for these acts, they lack either the will or financial resources
To commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have
On staff require. And no company has the unique combination of great
Producers, in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
Customer that controversial entertainment will possess."
About pop 3 media corp:
Pop 3 media corp. Is engaged in development, production and distribution
Of entertainment - related media for film, television, music and
Publishing interests. The company' s portfolio currently includes ownership of
Viastar distribution group, a. V. O. Studios, moving pictures
International, viastar records, quadra records, light of the spirit records, and
Viastar classical, viastar artist management group and masterdisk
Corporation.
Conclusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already familiar with this. Is popt poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade wednesday! Go popt.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
For all but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3000 dollars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maI - lin * gs, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to no _ morenewsletters 2@ yahoo. Com