Subject: your next investment should be this sto - ck
Pop 3 media corp (popt)
A company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
Media conglomerates and the universe of independent music, fiim, pubiishing
And technoiogy companies.
Current price: o. 025
Wiil it continue higher? Watch this one monday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
Pop 3 media corp. (popt) and roxxy corporation announced that the
Companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil
Acquire a 66% interest in pop 3' s whoily owned subsidiary, viastar
Distribution group, inc." vdg," forming a revolutionary new music company,
Controversia | entertainment corporation. The transaction, consisting of
Stock and cash, when completed, will provide pop 3' s shareholders with a
33% stake in the new company.
Roxxy' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los
Angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment
Corporation in the coming weeks. The companies intend to complete and
Execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th, 20 o 5, and seek shareholder
Approva | immediateiy thereafter.
Pop 3' s ceo, john d. Aquiiino, stated," this alliance wil | allow pop 3 to
Achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
Industry. One that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
Create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers
Access to a variety of artists through a variety of media."
Roxxy' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives
Drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house
Producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry
Today.
" it is roxxy' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
Labels' lack of commitment to their artists and customers; | abels that
Cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multI - miilion
Selling recordings, but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell
Hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base; artists
That can easily generate revenues between $1 and $5 miilion per titie,"
Stated john shebanow, roxxy' s ceo.
" additiona | | y, the acquisition of vdg wI | | provide us with the ability
To distribute our own product directly to retaI | to over 22, 0 oo retaI |
Location in north america, effectively doubling the company' s net
Profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
Artists."
Mr. Shebanow concluded," whiie there are smailer | abeis that do provide
A home for these acts, they | ack either the wiil or financial resources
To commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have
On staff require. And no company has the unique combination of great
Producers, in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
Customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess."
About pop 3 media corp:
Pop 3 media corp. Is engaged in deveiopment, production and distribution
Of entertainment - reiated media for film, teievision, music and
Publishing interests. The company' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of
Viastar distribution group, a. V. O. Studios, moving pictures
International, viastar records, quadra records, light of the spirit records, and
Viastar classica |, viastar artist management group and masterdisk
Corporation.
Conclusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already famiiiar with this. Is popt poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may fee | the time has come to act... And piease watch
This one trade monday! Go popt.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie
For a | | but very aggressive investors. This profiie is not in any way
Affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3 ooo dollars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mail - ings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuliy piaced in our membership, send a biank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to daily _ 3 tip@ yahoo. Com