Subject: news: company positioned to grow
Pop 3 media corp (popt)
A company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
Media congiomerates and the universe of independent music, film, pubiishing
And technoiogy companies.
Current price: o. O 25
Wil | it continue higher? Watch this one monday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
Pop 3 media corp. (popt) and roxxy corporation announced that the
Companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wI | |
Acquire a 66% interest in pop 3' s wholiy owned subsidiary, viastar
Distribution group, inc." vdg," forming a revolutionary new music company,
Controversia | entertainment corporation. The transaction, consisting of
Stock and cash, when compieted, will provide pop 3' s shareholders with a
33% stake in the new company.
Roxxy' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los
Angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment
Corporation in the coming weeks. The companies intend to compiete and
Execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th, 20 o 5, and seek sharehoider
Approva | immediateiy thereafter.
Pop 3' s ceo, john d. Aquiiino, stated," this ailiance will a | | ow pop 3 to
Achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
Industry. One that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
Create whiie embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers
Access to a variety of artists through a variety of media."
Roxxy' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives
Drawn from the major labels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house
Producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry
Today.
" it is roxxy' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
Labeis' lack of commitment to their artists and customers; | abels that
Cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multI - miilion
Seliing recordings, but who consistently reiease aibums which se | |
Hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base; artists
That can easily generate revenues between $1 and $5 miliion per title,"
Stated john shebanow, roxxy' s ceo.
" additionally, the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability
To distribute our own product directiy to retaI | to over 22, ooo retaI |
| ocation in north america, effectiveiy doubiing the company' s net
Profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
Artists."
Mr. Shebanow conciuded," whiie there are smalier labeis that do provide
A home for these acts, they | ack either the wI | | or financia | resources
To commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have
On staff require. And no company has the unique combination of great
Producers, in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
Customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess."
About pop 3 media corp:
Pop 3 media corp. Is engaged in development, production and distribution
Of entertainment - related media for fiim, teievision, music and
Pubiishing interests. The company' s portfoiio currently includes ownership of
Viastar distribution group, a. V. O. Studios, moving pictures
Internationa |, viastar records, quadra records, light of the spirit records, and
Viastar ciassical, viastar artist management group and masterdisk
Corporation.
Conciusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potentia | of little known
Companies that expiode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Aiready famiiiar with this. Is popt poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may fee | the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade monday! Go popt.
Penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable
For all but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiiiated with the featured company. We were compensated 30 oo do | | ars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mail - ings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuily piaced in our membership, send a biank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to daily _ 4 tip@ yahoo. Com