Subject: atft. Pk has announced the acquisition between atft and first pet life.
Pink sheets: atft. Pk has announded the acquisition
Between atft and first pet life. The transactjion will
Be non - diluted to current shareholders.
About first pet life:
Atft offers coverage at an afforable level that will safely and securely help aviod the worried of unexpected vet bills. Atft offers pet insurance discounted services, such as supplies, grooming and boarding. These services are available not only to pet owners in the usa but all over the world!! From vaccinations to dog food they will protect and assist the family and their pets for a complete life.
Atft looks forward to giving pet owners all over the world the opportunity and the ability to afford coverage for their pets and will strive to become a valuable part of you family and protection for your pet' s life and well being.
Press release
American television and film company in talks with first pet life
Thursday june 9, 8: 00 am et
Dallas - - (business wire) - - june 9, 2005 - - american television and film company (pink sheets: atft - news) announced today that it is in talks with first pet life about the possible acquisition of first pet life. No further details are available at this time.
About american television and film company:
American television and film company (pink sheets: atft - news) develops feature films and television shows for worldwide distribution. Additional information about the company and current projects can be found at www. Americantvandfilm. Com.
About first pet life:
First pet life offers many discounted services including insurance, pet supplies, boarding, and grooming. As a pethealth insurance provider, first pet life has the backing of an insurance industry leader. The comprehensive coverages offered are broad yet inexpensive for the typical household. Additional information is available at www. Firstpetlife. Com.
Disclaimer:
Matters discussed in this press release are" forward - looking statements." statements describing objectives or goals or the company' s future plans are also forward - looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including the financial performance of the company and market valuations of its stock, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated.
Source: american television film
Safe harbor statement
This report is for informational purposes only, and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities. Investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies. Reveal marketing, llc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer. Information, opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable, but no representation, expressed or implied, is made as to its accuracy, completeness or correctness. The opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice. Reveal marketing, llc assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in atft' s financial or operating condition. As reveal marketing, llc has received compensation for this report, and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Reveal marketing, llc accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor' s reliance on, or use of, this report. Atft will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern. Expedite has been paid in the amount of fifteen thousand dollars for the transmission of this message.. Reveal marketing, llc and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares, of mentioned companies, in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice. Certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements concerning manufacturing, marketing, growth, and expansion. The words" may,"" would,"" will,"" expect,"" estimate,"" anticipate,"" believe,"" intend," and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements. Such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein.
Reveal marketing 3521 oak lawn ave., ste. 405 dallas, tx 75219 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
