Subject: a wedding consulting business of your own
Do you know what a wedding consultant is?
Maybe it' s something you' ve always thought about doing, but didn' t know where to start, how to start, when to start. Or even if an opportunity like this existed.
It does! And a touch of class would like you to invite you to be a part of it.
Wedding consulting isn' t wedding planning. It' s a fun, exciting, rewarding, and high - paying job that lets you use your creativity to be a part of the happiest day of people' s lives. Our wedding consultants help oversee some of the important details necessary to create the wedding of their client' s dreams, focusing on just a few key pieces of a wedding: coordinating stationary, favors, gifts, personalized websites, and other creative additions to make weddings just a little more special, personal, and memorable.
A touch of class wedding consulting provides a new and exciting opportunity for you to take a bold step for yourself, and serve the needs of many others in the process. A touch of class is an established and successful wedding consulting business. Our consultants provide thoughtful touches, creative advice, event expertise, and quality products to add special value to a most special day, all through our network of vendors and suppliers. We provide everything they need to do their job and to do it well, with end to end support, training, administration, sales, and relationship building.
Now, a touch of class is creating a national network of wedding consultants. It' s an exciting opportunity. Perhaps it' s the right opportunity for you. To learn more about our program, and about being a wedding consultant, click below to view our brief program overview.
Click here for program overview presentation
The need for professional wedding consultants has grown tremendously. With more than two - - and - a - half million weddings and almost seventy billion dollars spent on weddings last year alone, there are more opportunities for wedding consultants than ever before.
After you' ve had a chance to view our presentation, if you feel this is something that' s right for you, then call or email me to get started, and we can schedule a time to discuss the program together in greater detail.
Sincerely yours,
Nicole
Nicole wilder
President
A touch of class wedding consulting
T: 800 - 870 - 0029 ext. 5101
F: 203. 924. 0634
Email: nicole. Wilder@ atocweddings. Com
Web: www. Atocweddings. Com
A touch of class 223 canal st. Shelton, ct 06484 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
