Subject: I was on your xango web site
Hello xango distributor,
My name is jonathan roberts and I represent peak impact lead generation
Systems. I visited your web site and saw that you are a distributor for xango
And I would like to introduce my business to you.
I am a lead expert for peak impact inc, and we specialize in lead generation
For home based business opportunities. We generate real time national, local
Area code, and gender based leads. We also specialize in custom marketing
Campaigns as well. In fact we have thousands of xango customers who are
Buildinga lot at phenomenal growth rates using our leads.
Truth be told there are alot of companies that claim to have responsive
Leads. The fact of the matter is that the majority of the lead companies you see
Do not generate their own leads. They are resellers that resell the same call
List up to six times or more. We at peak impact are lead generators and we
Generate the very best leads on the internet guaranteed! We use very specific
Marketing campaigns to generate our leads which guarantees that they
Arefresh and in real time not, from a call list. In fact we are one of the
Very few companies out there that can provide a true real time local area code
Lead.
Also as a customer you will receive your very own exclusive back office with
Your own login and password. No other lead company has this system. Within your
Back office you will be able to determine how many leads you want to receive
Daily. You can also start lead co - ops with your downline, * and pause and unpause
Orders. * (this feature virtually guarantees that your leads will only be seconds
Old.) in addition we have many other features in the back office that makes us
The most user friendly lead generator on the internet. So if your ready to order
Go towww. Rocketleads. Com. There
You will find pricing information and testimonials.
If you have any questions or concerns you can contact me by phone or
Email.
Your certified lead expert, jonathan robertswww. Rocketleads. Coml - 888 - 41 - leads (888 - 415 - 3237) ext. 703
(9 - 5: 30 pm est.) 1 - 800 - 663 - 0311 (24 hours) jon@ peakimpact. Com