Subject: account notice - suspicious activity
Dear valued customer,
Your bank has contacted us regarding some attempts of charges from your credit card via the ebay
System. We have reasons to believe that you changed your registration information or that someone
Else has unauthorized access to your ebay account
Due to recent activity, including possible unauthorized listings
Placed on your account, we will require a second confirmation
Of your identity with us in order to allow us to investigate
This matter further. Your account is not suspended, but if
In 48 hours after you receive this message your account is
Not confirmed we reserve the right to suspend your ebay
Registration. If you received this notice and you are not
The authorized account holder, please be aware that it is in
Violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as another
Ebay user. Such action may also be in violation of local,
National, and/or international law. Ebay is committed to
Assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts
To misappropriate personal information with the intent to
Commit fraud or theft. Information will be provided at the
Request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that
Perpetrators are prosecuted to the full
Extent of the law.
To confirm your identity with us click here:
After responding to the
Message, we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case
To be investigated. Emailing us before that time will result
In delays. We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this
May cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation
As we review this matter.
Respectfully, trust and safety department ebay inc. Http:// www. Ebay. Com /
This ebay notice was sent to you based on your
Ebay account preferences. If you would like to review
Your notification preferences for other types of
Communications, click
Here. If you would like to receive this email
In text only, click
Here.
As outlined in our user agreement, ebay will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements. Visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions.
Copyright © 2005 ebay inc. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc.