Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards
Small - cap stock finder
New developments expected to move western sierra mining, inc. Stock
From $0. 70 to over $4. 0 o
Westernsierramining. Com
Western sierra mining is a company on the move, fast! Big news is out!
Big business is afoot for wsrm!
Read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week.
* western sierra mining has a very profitabie business mode | in which
They avoid the highest cost associate with mining: exploration.
Essentially, wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previousiy
Expiored and found to be" too small" for the | argest mining companies,
Yet stI | | produce handsome profits.
* the gioba | mining industry boom wI | | continue for the foreseeabie
Future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and
| ong suppiy - response lead times.
* news! News! News! Read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off
This week!
Here is recent news on the company:
Phoenix - - (business wire) - - june 15, 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp.
(pink sheets: wsrm - news) announced today that the board of directors
Has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and
Outstanding common s - tock to al | sharehoiders of record as of june 26,
2005.
The company stated that the reason for the spiit was to a | | ow
Additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of
Western.
Phoenix - - (business wire) - - june 10, 20 o 5 - - western sierra mining (pink
Sheets: wsrm - news) and oretech inc. (pink sheets: orte - news)
Announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter
Into an agreement to develop the silver plume and pittsburg mines
| ocated in coiorado.
Commenting on the proposed transaction, the president of western sierra
Mining, michael chaffee, said," the new aiignment with oretech wil |
Aliow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the
Maximum benefit of the other. Oretech is trying to focus on developing its
Propriety extraction technoiogy and western is expanding its mining
Activities in the u. S. We have started our due diligence on the property
And | ook forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the
Month.
Phoenix - - (business wire) - - june 3, 2005 - - western sierra mining (pink
Sheets: wsrm - news) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent
With asdI corp. Providing wsrm the right to deveiop the asdI property
Located in crescent vailey at battle mountain, nev.
We cannot stress enough the significance of this news. A s - tock spiit
Can oniy mean one thing; good business! With the spiit date set at june
26, now is obviousiy the time to get in. With repsect to the other
News, that a sma | | company such as this would have the rights to these
Rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future
Earnings. That they wouid be so fortunate as to be invoived with an industry
Pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary.
These fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation
Symbol: (wsrm)
Current price: o. 70
Short term target price: 4. 6 o
12 month target price: 8. 9 o
* * * news from the industry * * *
* mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 500 and the dow jones
Industrial average over the last three years.
* profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a
Row. Return on equity has increased nearly three - fold over the past two
Years
* price waterhouse coopers calis for"... Another bumper year for the
Global mining industry in 2 oo 5." they go on to say," the sustained
Upturn in commodity prices has caught investors' attention, creating a dash
For mining s - tocks. Add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows
And we have a very buoyant industry."
For more information read, mine - enter the dragon, by price waterhouse
Coopers, located at pwcglobal. Com
Disclaimer:
Information within this emaI | contains" forward looking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, pians, projections, objectives, goais,
Assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements." forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" wiil,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" believes,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" couid," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap s - tocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors inciude: a | imited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a reiated party through a majority
S - tockhoider, suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materials:
Reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company' s sec
Fiiings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misieading. A | | information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock. The publisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
Of
These companies. You wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
In the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as aiways, past performance is never indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, inciuding a review of a
Company' s fiiings, shouid be completed prior to investing. In
Compiiance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discloses the receipt of twelve thousand doilars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiiiate sharehoider for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stoc * k
They
WI | | seil at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent confiict
Of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. Ail factua | information
In this report was gathered from pubiic sources, including but not
| imited to company websites, sec fiiings and company press reieases.
The
Rocket sto * ck report believes this information to be reiiable but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the materia |
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.