Subject: lasalle bank account alert! Please read!
Dear lasalle bank member,
This information
Is collected to provide a record of communications between lasalle bank
And members and to comply with any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.
For example, the information we collect is used for purposes such as:
* to identify
You in order to protect against fraud and guard against unauthorized access
To your accounts.
* to enable us to complete your transactions quickly and efficiently, and to
Provide you with quality customer service.
* to better serve your relationship by understanding which services may be the
Right match for your needs, and telling you about new offers that may be of
Interest to you.
* to help ensure that our information about you is current and accurate.
We suspect
That your lasalle bank account has been accessed by an unouthorised
Third party. Numerous login attempts were made from:
Ip address: 24. 123. 125. 75
Isp host: rrcs - 24 - 123 - 125 - 75. Central. Biz. Rr. Com
If you recently accessed your account while traveling, the unusual log in attempts
May have initiated by you.
Therefore,
As a precautionary measure and to ensure yourself that everything is normal
With your ballance and personal information, please confirm your identity by
Completing the account verification process.
To get
Started click on the link below:
After responding
To the message, we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated.
Emailing us before that time will result in delays. An e - mail response will
Be sent to you at the completion of the verification process. We apologize in
Advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank
You for your cooperation as we review this matter.
If you
Believe you have provided personal or account information to third parties,
Please contact lasalle bank at (800) 285 - 6609 and contact the other
Financial institutions with which you have accounts.
Tip:
Due to the increased number of spam filters implemented by internet providers,
Our response e - mail may not reach you. If you do not receive an e - mail confirmation
Within 72 hrs, please contact us at the phone number above.
Thanks
For your patience as we work together to protect your account.
Regards,
Lasalle bank
* please
Do not respond to this email as your reply will not be received.
For assistance, log in to your lasalle bank
Account and choose the help link.
Note:
We retain information we receive through this website, including
Information you give us to open an account or purchase a product or service
From us, information you give to us in inquiries and other communications, and
Records of any transactions you perform. We share this information with affiliated
And nonaffiliated parties only as necessary to process and service your transactions
With us, or as required by law. Such parties may include those who provide services
To us in connection with your accounts or transactions, or who are involved
In providing you the services you request. In certain instances they might include
A purchaser or potential purchaser of an account. We also report information
To credit bureaus in appropriate cases. And we share information with government
Agencies and law enforcement as necessary.
