Subject: re: wall street micro news report
Homeland security investments
The terror attacks on the united states on september 11, 2001 have
Changed
The security landscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and
Logical
Security have become paramount for all industry segments, especially in
The
Banking, national resource and government sectors. According to giga,
A
Wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research, worldwide demand for
Information security products and services is set to eclipse $46 b by
2005.
Homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing
Our
Readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this
Lucrative sector. As we know, events related to homeland security
Happen
With lightning speed. What we as investors can do is position
Ourselves in
Such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to
Capitalize on events which have yet to happen. Homeland security
Investments is here to help our readers do just that.
With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present vinoble,
Inc.
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long
Terms.
Symbol: (vnbl)
Current price: 0. 08
Short term target price: 0. 35
12 month target price: 1. 20
* * * why we believe vnbl. Ob will give big returns on investment * * *
* at this time much of vnbl' s focus is on rfid (radio frequency
Identification) technology. This is technology which uses tiny sensors
To
Transmit information about a person or object wirelessly.
* vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location
Technology.
* vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies
And
Governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources. Such
Technology
Has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials
Designated" high risk" were they to fall into the wrong hands.
* vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order
To
Create" high security space" in locales where it is deemed necessary.
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea
Ports,
Mines, nuclear facilities, and more.
* as with all stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has
Made vnbl a hot buy.
News on vnbl
Malibu, calif. - - (business wire) - - june 16, 2005 - - vinoble, inc.
(otcbb: vnbl -
News), a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth
Opportunities
In the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and
Other
Security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and
Services that will assist in the automation of the identification and
Control of equipment, assets, tools, and the related processes used in
The
Oil & gas and petrochemical industries.
Although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines
And
Equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious, they
Can
Also deliver safety features within oil wells. Oil maybe trapped in
Different layers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of
Specific
Liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise
Opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur,
Such as
A well filling with water.
As with other rf based technology applications, rfid can also provide
The
Safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler, and limit the
Entry of personnel to specific locations. Ensuring personnel safety is
Essential, should there be an emergency at a facility, rfid tags would
Enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee' s safety and/or
Danger. This application technology requires product and hardware that
Can
Operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions, but gives
Valuable
Safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. Rfid
Can
Also assist the customer' s supply chain by tracking oil, gas, and
Chemical
Products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level.
Vinoble' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are
More
Than just a valuable tool to the mining industry, but as a protective
Measure of our country' s natural resources and commodities against
Threat.
Preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of
U. S.
Industry and economy.
The company believes that such offering service and technology
Application
In the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position
Vinoble in
A rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the
Increasing capital and global spending that the company will require
For
Growth. The company' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at
A
Cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can' t afford to
Do
Without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of
Constant threat.
This is outstanding news. The growth potential for this company is
Exceptional. In an already hot industry, vnbl. Ob stands out as a truly
Innovative pioneer. We see big things happening to this stock.
Information within this email contains" forward looking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements." forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
Actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" will,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" believes,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" could," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
Stockholder, supplies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materials:
Reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company' s sec
Filings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misleading. All information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
Of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
In the examples given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
Company' s filings, should be completed prior to investing. In
Compliance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate shareholder for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Will sell at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent conflict
Of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. All factual information
In this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
Limited to company websites, sec filings and company press releases.
The
Rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.