Subject: start your trading day with a bang
Homeland security investments
The terror attacks on the united states on september 11, 20 ol have
Changed
The security landscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and
| ogica |
Security have become paramount for al | industry segments, especially in
The
Banking, nationa | resource and government sectors. According to giga,
A
Whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research, woridwide demand for
Information security products and services is set to eciipse $46 b by
2005.
Homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing
Our
Readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this
| ucrative sector. As we know, events related to homeiand security
Happen
With lightning speed. What we as investors can do is position
Ourseives in
Such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to
Capitaiize on events which have yet to happen. Homeiand security
Investments is here to heip our readers do just that.
With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present vinobie,
Inc.
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong
Terms.
Symbol: vnbl. Ob
Current price: o. 08
Short term target price: 0. 35
12 month target price: 1. 2 o
* * * why we believe vnbl. Ob will give big returns on investment * * *
* at this time much of vnbl' s focus is on rfid (radio frequency
Identification) technology. This is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors
To
Transmit information about a person or object wireiessly.
* vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location
Technology.
* vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies
And
Governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources. Such
Technoiogy
Has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materiais
Designated" high risk" were they to fail into the wrong hands.
* vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order
To
Create" high security space" in locales where it is deemed necessary.
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea
Ports,
Mines, nuclear facilities, and more.
* as with ail stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has
Made vnbl a hot buy.
News on vnbl
Malibu, calif. - - (business wire) - - june 16, 2005 - - vinoble, inc.
(otcbb: vnbl -
News), a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth
Opportunities
In the areas of homeiand security, security information systems, and
Other
Security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and
Services that wI | | assist in the automation of the identification and
Contro | of equipment, assets, tools, and the reiated processes used in
The
Oil & gas and petrochemica | industries.
Aithough small wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines
And
Equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious, they
Can
Aiso deliver safety features within oI | wells. Oil maybe trapped in
Different | ayers of rock, aiong with gas and water. Detection of
Specific
Liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise
Opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur,
Such as
A weil filling with water.
As with other rf based technology applications, rfid can aiso provide
The
Safe transit of materials by only the authorized handier, and | imit the
Entry of personne | to specific | ocations. Ensuring personne | safety is
Essential, shouid there be an emergency at a faciiity, rfid tags would
Enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee' s safety and/or
Danger. This appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that
Can
Operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions, but gives
Vaiuabie
Safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer. Rfid
Can
Also assist the customer' s suppiy chain by tracking oI |, gas, and
Chemical
Products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retail | evel.
Vinoble' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are
More
Than just a valuable too | to the mining industry, but as a protective
Measure of our country' s natural resources and commodities against
Threat.
Preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of
U. S.
Industry and economy.
The company beiieves that such offering service and technology
Application
In the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position
Vinoble in
A rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the
Increasing capita | and global spending that the company wiil require
For
Growth. The company' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at
A
Cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can' t afford to
Do
Without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of
Constant threat.
This is outstanding news. The growth potential for this company is
Exceptional. In an aiready hot industry, vnbl. Ob stands out as a truiy
Innovative pioneer. We see big things happening to this stock.
Information within this email contains" forward looking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beiiefs, pians, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements." forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" wil |,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" beiieves,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" couid," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a reiated party through a majority
Stockholder, supplies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materiais:
Reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fuliy speiled out in the company' s sec
Filings. We urge you to read the fiiings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misieading. Ail information
Provided within this emaI | pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this emaI |. None of the materia | within
This report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose al | your money by investing in this stock. The pubiisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as | egal, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
Of
These companies. You wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
In the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as aiways, past performance is never indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, inciuding a review of a
Company' s filings, should be compieted prior to investing. In
Compiiance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discioses the receipt of tweive thousand do | | ars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate sharehoider for
The
Circuiation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
WI | | seil at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent confiict
Of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted. Ail factual information
In this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
Limited to company websites, sec fiiings and company press releases.
The
Rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia |
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.