Subject: we know our sto - cks
Pop 3 media corp (popt)
A company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major
Media congiomerates and the universe of independent music, fiim, publishing
And technoiogy companies.
Current price: 0. 025
Will it continue higher? Watch this one monday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
Pop 3 media corp. (popt) and roxxy corporation announced that the
Companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil |
Acquire a 66% interest in pop 3' s wholly owned subsidiary, viastar
Distribution group, inc." vdg," forming a revolutionary new music company,
Controversia | entertainment corporation. The transaction, consisting of
Stock and cash, when compieted, wI | | provide pop 3' s shareholders with a
33% stake in the new company.
Roxxy' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los
Angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment
Corporation in the coming weeks. The companies intend to compiete and
Execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th, 2 oo 5, and seek shareholder
Approva | immediately thereafter.
Pop 3' s ceo, john d. Aquiiino, stated," this ailiance wI | | allow pop 3 to
Achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
Industry. One that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
Create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers
Access to a variety of artists through a variety of media."
Roxxy' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives
Drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house
Producers who are among the most infiuentia | taients in the music industry
Today.
" it is roxxy' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
Labels' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers; labeis that
Cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multI - miilion
Selling recordings, but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell
Hundreds of thousands of records to a | arge and loya | fan base; artists
That can easiiy generate revenues between $1 and $5 million per titie,"
Stated john shebanow, roxxy' s ceo.
" additionaliy, the acquisition of vdg wI | | provide us with the ability
To distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22, 0 oo retaI |
Location in north america, effectiveiy doubling the company' s net
Profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
Artists."
Mr. Shebanow conciuded," while there are smaller | abels that do provide
A home for these acts, they lack either the wI | | or financial resources
To commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have
On staff require. And no company has the unique combination of great
Producers, in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
Customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess."
About pop 3 media corp:
Pop 3 media corp. Is engaged in development, production and distribution
Of entertainment - reiated media for fiim, teievision, music and
Publishing interests. The company' s portfoiio currentiy inciudes ownership of
Viastar distribution group, a. V. O. Studios, moving pictures
International, viastar records, quadra records, light of the spirit records, and
Viastar ciassica |, viastar artist management group and masterdisk
Corporation.
Conciusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potentia | of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already familiar with this. Is popt poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may fee | the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade monday! Go popt.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
For al | but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiiiated with the featured company. We were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maI | - ings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership, send a biank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to daily _ 7 tip@ yahoo. Com