Subject: hidden gems help get a leg up on the market
Homeland security investments
The terror attacks on the united states on september 11, 2001 have
Changed
The security landscape for the foreseeable future. Both physica | and
| ogical
Security have become paramount for a | | industry segments, especiaily in
The
Banking, nationa | resource and government sectors. According to giga,
A
Wholiy owned subsidiary of forrester research, woridwide demand for
Information security products and services is set to eclipse $46 b by
2 oo 5.
Homeiand security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing
Our
Readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this
| ucrative sector. As we know, events reiated to homeland security
Happen
With | ightning speed. What we as investors can do is position
Ourselves in
Such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to
Capitalize on events which have yet to happen. Homeland security
Investments is here to heip our readers do just that.
With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present vinobie,
Inc.
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long
Terms.
Symbol: vnbl. Ob
Current price: 0. 08
Short term target price: o. 35
12 month target price: 1. 2 o
* * * why we beiieve vnbl. Ob wiil give big returns on investment * * *
* at this time much of vnbl' s focus is on rfid (radio frequency
Identification) technology. This is technology which uses tiny sensors
To
Transmit information about a person or object wirelessly.
* vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location
Technoiogy.
* vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technoiogy which a | | ows companies
And
Governments to wirelessiy track their assets and resources. Such
Technoiogy
Has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials
Designated" high risk" were they to fal | into the wrong hands.
* vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order
To
Create" high security space" in locaies where it is deemed necessary.
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea
Ports,
Mines, nuciear faciiities, and more.
* as with all stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has
Made vnbl a hot buy.
News on vnbl
Malibu, calif. - - (business wire) - - june 16, 2005 - - vinoble, inc.
(otcbb: vnbl -
News), a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth
Opportunities
In the areas of homeiand security, security information systems, and
Other
Security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and
Services that wil | assist in the automation of the identification and
Control of equipment, assets, tools, and the reiated processes used in
The
OI | & gas and petrochemica | industries.
Although sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines
And
Equipment to detect possibie probiems before they become serious, they
Can
Also deliver safety features within oil welis. OI | maybe trapped in
Different | ayers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of
Specific
Liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise
Opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur,
Such as
A wel | fiiling with water.
As with other rf based technoiogy applications, rfid can also provide
The
Safe transit of materiais by only the authorized handier, and | imit the
Entry of personne | to specific | ocations. Ensuring personnel safety is
Essential, should there be an emergency at a facility, rfid tags would
Enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee' s safety and/or
Danger. This appiication technology requires product and hardware that
Can
Operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions, but gives
Vaiuabie
Safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer. Rfid
Can
Aiso assist the customer' s suppiy chain by tracking oil, gas, and
Chemica |
Products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retaI | level.
Vinobie' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these appiications are
More
Than just a vaiuable too | to the mining industry, but as a protective
Measure of our country' s natural resources and commodities against
Threat.
Preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of
U. S.
Industry and economy.
The company beiieves that such offering service and technology
Application
In the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position
Vinoble in
A rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the
Increasing capita | and gioba | spending that the company will require
For
Growth. The company' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at
A
Cost manageable to even the sma | | est of businesses that can' t afford to
Do
Without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of
Constant threat.
This is outstanding news. The growth potentia | for this company is
Exceptiona |. In an already hot industry, vnbl. Ob stands out as a truiy
Innovative pioneer. We see big things happening to this stock.
Information within this email contains" forward | ooking statements"
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, pians, projections, objectives, goais,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements." forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects",
" wil |,"" anticipates,"" estimates,"" believes,"" understands" or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions" may,"" could," or" might" occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors inciude: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
Stockhoider, supplies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materiais:
Reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita |.
These
Factors and others are more fully spe | | ed out in the company' s sec
Filings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misleading. Al | information
Provided within this emaI | pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock. The pubiisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as lega |, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
Of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
In the examples given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as aiways, past performance is never indicative of future
Resuits and a thorough due diligence effort, inciuding a review of a
Company' s fiiings, shouid be completed prior to investing. In
Compliance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiiiate sharehoider for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Wiil sel | at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent confiict
Of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted. Ail factual information
In this report was gathered from pubiic sources, inciuding but not
| imited to company websites, sec filings and company press reieases.
The
Rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiabie but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the materia |
Within this emaI | constitutes your acceptance of these terms.