Subject: call for papers: the international joint conferences on computer,
Information and systems sciences and engineering cisse 05
If you received this email in error, please forward it to the appropriate department at your institution
Please do not reply to this message, your reply will not be received. If you need to contact us, please email us at info@ cisse 2005. Org
* international joint conferences on computer, information, *
* and systems sciences, and engineering (cisse 05) *
* *
* *
* http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org *
* *
* *
* *
December 10 - 20, 2005
Sponsored by:
Institute of electrical & electronics engineers (ieee)
University of bridgeport
Conference overview
Cisse 05 provides a virtual forum for presentation and discussion of the
State - of the - art research on computers, information and systems sciences and
Engineering. The virtual conference will be conducted through the internet
Using web - conferencing tools, made available by the conference.
Authors will be presenting their powerpoint, audio or video presentations
Using web - conferencing tools without the need for travel. Conference
Sessions will be broadcast to all the conference participants, where session
Participants can interact with the presenter during the presentation and
(or) during the q & a slot that follows the presentation.
This international conference will be held entirely on - line. The accepted and
Presented papers will be made available after the conference both on a cd and
As a book publication.
Conference participants - authors, presenters and attendees - only need an
Internet connection and sound available on their computers in order to be
Able to contribute and participate in this international ground - breaking
Conference.
The on - line structure of this high - quality event will allow academic
Professionals and industry participants to contribute work and attend
World - class technical presentations based on rigorously refereed
Submissions, live, without the need for investing significant travel funds
Or time out of the office.
Potential non - author conference attendees who cannot make the on - line
Conference dates are encouraged to register, as the entire joint conferences
Will be archived for future viewing.
Please feel free to download the call for papers at:
Http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/cfpcisseo 5. Doc (microsoft word format) or
Http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/cfpcisseo 5. Pdf (adobe pdf format)
Cisse 05 is composed of the following four conferences:
* international conference on industrial electronics, technology
& automation (ieta 05)
Topics: advanced and distributed control systems, intelligent control
Systems (nn, fl, ga,. Etc), expert systems, man machine interaction, data
Fusion, factory automation, robotics, motion control, machine vision, mems
Sensors and actuators, sensors fusion, power electronics, high frequency
Converters, motors and drives, power converters, power devices and
Components, electric vehicles and intelligent transportation, process
Automation, factory communication, manufacturing information system advances
In manufacturing systems, industrial applications of multI media,
Intelligent systems instrumentation, industrial instrumentation, modeling
And simulation, signal processing, image and data processing, vr and
Parallel systems.
Conference page: http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/ieta. Aspx
* international conference on telecommunications and networking (teneo 5)
Topics: optical networks and switching, computer networks, network
Architectures and equipment, access technologies, telecommunication
Technology, coding and modulation technique, modeling and simulation, spread
Spectrum and cdma systems, ofdm technology, space - time coding, ultra
Wideband communications, medium access control, spread spectrum, wireless
Lan: ieee 802. 11, hiperlan, bluetooth, cellular wireless networks, cordless
Systems and wireless local loop, mobile network layer, mobile transport
Layer, support for mobility, conventional encryption and message
Confidentiality, block ciphers design principles, block ciphers modes of
Operation, public - key cryptography and message authentication,
Authentication application, stenography, electronic mail security, web
Security, ip security, firewalls, computer forensics.
Conference page: http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/tene. Aspx
* international conference on systems, computing sciences and software
Engineering (scss 05)
Topics: grid computing, internet - based computing models, resource discovery,
Programming models and tools, e - science and virtual instrumentation,
Biometric authentication, computers for people of special needs, human
Computer interaction, information and knowledge engineering, algorithms,
Parallel and distributed processing, modeling and simulation, services and
Applications, embedded systems and applications, databases, programming
Languages, signal processing theory and methods, signal processing for
Communication, signal processing architectures and implementation,
Information processing, geographical information systems,
Object based software engineering, parallel and distributed computing, real
Time systems multiprocessing, file systems and i/o, kernel and os structures.
Conference page: http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/scss. Aspx
* international conference on engineering education, instructional
Technology, assessment, and e - learning (eiae 05)
Topics: instructional design, accreditation, curriculum design, educational
Tools, 2 - 2 - 2 platforms, teaching capstone design, teaching design at the
Lower levels, design and development of e - learning tools, assessment methods
In engineering, development and implementation of e - learning tools,
Economical and social impacts of e - learning, platforms and systems for
K - 12/industry and higher education cooperation.
Conference page: http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/eiae. Aspx
Paper submission
Prospective authors are invited to submit full papers electronically in
Microsoft word or pdf format through the website of each conference at
Http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org. Accepted papers must be presented in the virtual
Conference by one of the authors.
To submit your paper, visit http:// www. Cisse 2005. Org/author/submit. Aspx or
Visit the individual conference pages.
Important dates
Paper submission: september 30, 2005
Notification of acceptance: october 28, 2005
Final manuscript and registration: november 18, 2005
Cisse 2005 66 glenbrook rd stamford, ct 06902 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.