Subject: 6 steps to a no fear portfolio - 50% roI per trade
If you are averaging more than 50% r. O. I. Per trade...
If your annual returns are well over 300%...
If you know how to profit in any market condition...
If you know how to convert losing trades into winning trades...
Then you don' t need our free online seminar.
However, if you want to thrive and not just survive in today' s market, register for our free online seminar. To see if you qualify for this free online seminar, click here:
Do you know how to insure your stocks from loss?
You insure your home, why not insure your stock portfolio? Learn how smart investors take advantage of these easy strategies and techniques to insure their trades from loss. It' s no secret, you just need to learn how to do it.
Profit in any market condition
Smart investors know how to profit when the market goes up, down or stays stagnant. Now is your chance to learn the secrets of successful traders. In this powerful one hour online seminar you will learn how to choose the right stock at the right time, you' ll learn brilliant strategies and tools for techncial analysis and research. Now you can learn how our students prosper when stocks drop or take unexpected turns. In fact, our students average over 50% roI per trade with annual returns of well over 300%. It' s your turn. Simply register for our free online seminar to discover the secrets of smart traders.
Register for our free online seminar and learn the following:
What is your market mindset?
Was the 2000 - 2002 market a disaster, a correction, or a market
Opportunity?
How do you profit from a volatile market?
How do you use options to hedge risk?
How do you insure your trades?
How do you profit when a stock goes up, down or sideways?
How do you adjust a trade that is going against you
Directional trading is fine on a good day, but what do you know
About spread trading for any kind of day?
How do you implement a no fear/no risk trading system?
How do I get help as I go through this process?
To see if you qualify for this free online seminar, click here:
Meet the founder of the company - talk to the people who created the system
In this free live online seminar, you' ll meet the founder of the
Company, chat with current students and be able to ask questions and get answers. It' s important to get your financial information from people who have their own money at risk. Meet greg jensen, cofounder of spread trade systems.
Results are really all that matters. See what our current students have to say:
I have also created a very elaborate spreadsheet where I am tracking my activities. I keep one page which tracks my trading history. This is only for trades which have completed from start to finish. To date, I have completed 19 trades for an overall profit of $15, 925. 00, at an average 77 percent roi. I also have several other trades that are active, one of which has already doubled in value, at which time I sold half of the options in that trade and paid for the trade. It is now a' free' trade. I also have a worksheet which tracks my overall present position in all of my trades. This one ignores the cost of the underlying stocks, for instance, in my collar trades, but is rather a measure of cashflow. My current ytd total is over $33 k...
- bob hendricks (july 2004) I have been trading since october of 2002. I started with $14, 000 and within 1 year my portfolio is worth over $180, 000. Spread trade strategies are simple and easy to understand. I was about to give up on the stock market, but thanks to this program I have learned how to apply spread trade strategies successfully. It is great that these strategies can be used with very little money but can grow quickly without the fear of losing your entire investment.
- ruben p. (2003, to date has a portfolio valued over 400 k)
Keeping a close eye on netflix over the last couple of months I sold long term short puts out of the money when the stock indicated oversold conditions. As the stock bounced back and showed over bought signals I offloaded the puts and sold calls against my stock. Last month netflix options alone made me over $3, 000. Opening up the wealthbuilder a few weeks ago I saw a recommendation for a call calendar. At the time I wanted to enter a credit trade instead of a debit trade and entered a bear call based on technical indicators. All options expired worthless and I pocketed the entire credit. This month I placed some covered calls and bull puts on taser as it rocketed up. I closed all positions after 10 days with a $1500 profit. Many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains. Many times i' ve asked those companies if those big gains hide big losses - all with the exception of sts was hiding big losing trades. My record this year is 14 out of the 18 stocks i' ve traded have made money. It' s not the 49 out of 50 that fasI and greg get but with each month I refine my system and keep closing the gap. The education sts provides is invaluable. Without it my approach would have been that of a gambler. With it my approach is systematic and disciplined and consistently profitable.
- gareth (july 2004)
Nofearinvesting 150 clovis ave., ste. 101 clovis, ca 93612 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
