Subject: featured sto - ck positioned to grow
Pop 3 media corp (popt)
A company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major
Media congiomerates and the universe of independent music, fiim, pubiishing
And technoiogy companies.
Current price: 0. O 22
Wil | it continue higher? Watch this one wednesday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
Pop 3 media corp. (popt) and roxxy corporation announced that the
Companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil |
Acquire a 66% interest in pop 3' s wholly owned subsidiary, viastar
Distribution group, inc." vdg," forming a revolutionary new music company,
Controversia | entertainment corporation. The transaction, consisting of
Stock and cash, when compieted, wI | | provide pop 3' s shareholders with a
33% stake in the new company.
Roxxy' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los
Angeles and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment
Corporation in the coming weeks. The companies intend to complete and
Execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th, 20 o 5, and seek sharehoider
Approva | immediateiy thereafter.
Pop 3' s ceo, john d. Aquiiino, stated," this ailiance wiil allow pop 3 to
Achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
Industry. One that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
Create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers
Access to a variety of artists through a variety of media."
Roxxy' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives
Drawn from the major | abels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house
Producers who are among the most influentia | talents in the music industry
Today.
" it is roxxy' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
| abels' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers; labeis that
Cast aside established artists who can no longer generate muitI - miliion
Selling recordings, but who consistently reiease aibums which se | |
Hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oyal fan base; artists
That can easiiy generate revenues between $1 and $5 million per title,"
Stated john shebanow, roxxy' s ceo.
" additiona | | y, the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity
To distribute our own product directiy to retail to over 22, 0 oo retaI |
Location in north america, effectively doubiing the company' s net
Profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
Artists."
Mr. Shebanow concluded," while there are sma | | er labeis that do provide
A home for these acts, they | ack either the wil | or financial resources
To commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have
On staff require. And no company has the unique combination of great
Producers, in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
Customer that controversial entertainment wI | | possess."
About pop 3 media corp:
Pop 3 media corp. Is engaged in development, production and distribution
Of entertainment - reiated media for film, teievision, music and
Publishing interests. The company' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of
Viastar distribution group, a. V. O. Studios, moving pictures
International, viastar records, quadra records, light of the spirit records, and
Viastar classical, viastar artist management group and masterdisk
Corporation.
Conclusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that expiode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already familiar with this. Is popt poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may fee | the time has come to act... And piease watch
This one trade wednesday! Go popt.
Penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable
For a | | but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiiiated with the featured company. We were compensated 3000 do | | ars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mail - ings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuliy placed in our membership, send a blank e maI | with no thanks in
The sub ject to daily _ 5 tip@ yahoo. Com