Subject: ctfg trends upward as company begins rollout of acquisition strategy
Otc quickstats
June 29, 2005
At a glance
Ticker symbol: ctfg
Sector: title insurance
Industry: financial services
Current price: $0. 39
Shares outstanding: 45, 457, 200
Approx. Float: 12, 457, 200
Ctfg: ground floor opportunity in multI - billion dollar
Title insurance market
Corporate snapshot
Captech financial group, inc., is a florida corporation headquartered in lighthouse pt., florida that trades under the symbol (otcbb: ctfg).
Captech financial group, inc., via its new acquisition of national security title agencies, llc., (nst) is a holding company of wholly owned
Licensed title agencies that do business throughout the nation as national security title. Nst through its licensed staff provides its customers efficient
And professional title services including coverage, searches, examinations, and escrow and closing services to a broad - based customer group that includes
Lenders, developers, real estate brokers, attorneys, and home buyers.
Recent news!!!!
Lighthouse point, fla., june 28 (prnewswire - firstcall) - - captech financial group, inc.
(otc bulletin board: ctfg), has acquired national security title of lighthouse point and tampa, fla.,
Respectively. Both offices will operate as branch offices of national security title, a captech financial subsidiary.
Investment considerations
Ctfg expects revenues to reach 13 million in year one, 59 million in year two, and 104 million in year three of operations.
Ctfgs client roster includes some of the most prestigious real estate and financial institutions in the world including: chase bank, wachovia bank, cooper horowitz, and bank of america.
Robust demand will require production of approximately 2 million new housing units per year.
The home ownership rate will exceed 70% by the year 2013.
Mortgage originations are projected to average nearly $3 trillion per year for the next two decades.
Ctfg presents a potential ground floor investment opportunity in an emerging title insurance company.
Visit the ctfg websites at:
Www.. Com
This email is for informational purposes only, and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities. All assembled information within is subject to change without notice. The assembled information within this email is based on public information supplied by the company or from other sources believed to be reliable, but no representation, expressed or implied, is made as to its accuracy, completeness or correctness. Information in this email may contain forward looking statements as defined under section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. An example of forward - looking information are statements relating to the future capital expenditures, future funding sources, anticipated sales growth, and potential contracts. These and similar forward statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties outside our local control that could cause actual operations or results to differ materially from those anticipated. Power house promotions accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor' s reliance on or use of this report. This assembled information is for informative purposes and is not intended to be used as the sole source of information on a company. Always do your own due diligence and consult a financial advisor. Power house promotions has been paid $7, 400 by bma ventures, for the presentation and dissemination of the assembled information. Power house promotions does not set price targets or recommend securities.
Power house promotions 1846 e. Rosemeade pkwy, #104 dallas, tx 75007 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
