Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments
Event date: thursday july 21 st at 10: 30 am est, 2: 30 pm
Est, and 7: 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative
Investment manager, michael mansfield
To register for this complimentary
Event, go to http:// www. Forex - day - trading. Com/forex - online - registration. Htm.
Even warren buffett is negative on real estate -" the
Biggest financial bubble in
History"
Warren buffett, the second richest man in the world,
Recently sold his house in laguna for $3. 5 million. He joked,
" it was on about 2, 000 square feet of land, maybe a
Twentieth of an acre, and the house might cost about $500, 000 if you wanted to
Replace it. So the land sold for something like $60 million an acre." [if you
Want to read more about this, you can go to cnn' s website at http:// money. Cnn. Com/2005/05/01/news/fortune 500/buffett _ talks/]
So why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble
Ready to burst?
And why is buffett betting against the us dollar? [note:
Buffett made $1. 63 billion in foreign currency (fx) gains from the dollar? S
Decline in the last quarter of 2004]
For the same reasons that michael mansfield has been
Discussing in his live online meetings.
Who is michael mansfield?
Top - ranked alternative investment
Manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the #1 - ranked global diversified
Fx portfolio (gdfx). Heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st
At three different times (see below for instructions on how to register for this
Event). Gdfx was up 31. 87% in 2004 and was ranked #1 by eurekahedge. The
Objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45% a year after fees and has no
Correlation to stocks or real estate.
What will be covered?
Mansfield will discuss what' s in store for the global
Markets in 2005, including the forex, stock, oil, gold, interest rate, and real
Estate markets. He will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so
Successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts.
In his discussion, mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right
Now in long - only stock positions. He will also discuss when the current real
Estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it.
Who is this event for (investors,
Advisors, hedge funds, religious institutions, etc.)?
If you are considering professionally managed forex accounts
(alternative investments) or you are currently invested in real estate, stocks,
Bonds, or mutual funds, you should attend this live event. If you or
 capital (or your clients' capital)
Into alternative investments with above average returns and below average
Drawdowns, you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing
Broker program; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event. (due
To the demand that we have experienced for mansfield? S discussions in the past,
We have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june
21 st. This will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the
World to attend. Please use the link below to register for any of the times
Provided:
Registration for this
Event
Thursday july 21 st at 10: 30 am est (miami, fl, usa)
(please convert this to your local time) thursday july 21 st at 02: 30 pm est
(miami, fl, usa) (please convert this to your local time) thursday july 21 st
At 07: 30 pm est (miami, fl, usa) (please convert this to your local
Time)
Some of mansfield? S notable
Accomplishments
- #1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 -
Top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large
Additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash
Of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability -
Co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio (gdfx)
Space for this event is limited and will be filled on
A first - come - first serve basis.
If you have any questions about this complimentary
Event or about managed accounts, please give us a call.
Sincerely,
Joe loraforexmanaged account
Departmenthttp:// www. Forexdaytrading. Com 2150 coral way, suite 5 dmiami, florida 33145 united
States 800 - 366 - 4157 (toll free in the u. S. And canada) 786 - 866 - 8733
(international)
To unsubscribe, please go to the link
Below:
