Subject: 4 for 1 forward stock split - ends monday
Have a look at this info I just received for hllf
Halal financial services hllf
Halal financial services is the first web portal in the united kingdom solely devoted to halal financing methods for muslims and non - muslims globally
The british bankers association estimates that the market for islamic mortgages in the uk stands at around $9. 2 billion
First name
Last name
Phone
Recent news! 4 for 1 forward stock split ends monday!
Effective tuesday june 28, 2005. 4 for 1 forward split! All shares purchased up until close of business on monday june 27, 2005 will receive the additional shares. Get your shares now monday is the last day!
Halal financial services
Delaware, june 16, 2005 - - halal financial services (hllf. Pk) a delaware corporation is pleased to announce the approval by the board of directors of a 4 for 1 forward split of their common shares. This forward split was approved on june 16 th, 2005 by the board. These new shares will be distributed to all shareholders of record as of close of business june 22 nd, 2005. Shareholders of record will receive 3 additional shares of common stock for every 1 share of common stock beneficially owned. On monday june 27, 2005 halal will be trading under the same symbol and same cusip number.
Hello investors! Have a serious look at halal financial services symbol hllf, an online halal financial intermediary ifa' independent financial advisors, whose primary service is to assist the customers to find and select available halal mortgage options that meet their personal needs inline with their beliefs via their portal, halalmortgages. Com.
Halal financial services include providing the customers with the necessary information on the available halal mortgage products, identifying the product which best suits the customer' s criteria and to assist them with the application process. Halalmortgages. Com has been running successfully for the past 3 years and has already become the leading intermediary ifa in theuk providing halal mortgages.
Initially it is forecasted that halalmortgages. Com division alone will service in the region of three thousand halal mortgage cases per year generating an average collective mortgage book value of $546 million.
Our services
Being the first website in the united kingdom solely dedicated to halal mortgages, we provide convenient online services and e - finance solutions. Our site is easy to use enabling you to gain advantageous knowledge in a quick and convenient manner twenty - four hours a day, seven days a week. Our state - of - the - art technology solutions ensure easy accessibility of up - to - date information.
Our full - service specialized agents can be contacted through online enquiry, email or by telephone. They are experienced in the islamic finance industry and are kept up to date on the latest terms available for halal mortgages and they are just a phone call or a keystroke away!
Halal financial services (hllf. Pk) a delaware corporation is the world' s first islamic web portal solely devoted to halal financing methods for muslims and non muslims globally.
Massive growth potential
2 million muslims, in the uk
Assume halal gets 20, 000 of them as clients (1%) then halal has a book value of over $1 billion in loans
More importantly a value of $219 million on just 20 k customers.
Which equates to $2. 40 per share evaluation!
What are halal mortgages?
Simply put - a mortgage that is structured in a manner which does not accrue riba (interest) and is designed according to established islamic financing principles such as ijara or musharaka.
Recent developments and major upcoming stock driving milestones:
4 for 1 forward stock split
With $60 million in business in first five months, company is on track to complete $500 million plus in new lending buisness over next twelve months.
Each new customer, with an average mortgage of $256, 000, represents approximately
$11, 000 a year in profit for the lender.
Closer working relationship with hsbc amanah u. K.
Services to expand in the future to cover halal financing, halal insurance, halal investments. Etc.
Acquisition halal mortgages. Com
Halal financial services inc ceo tariq mahmood comments: the directors have agreed to split this stock to enhance shareholder value. We look forward to advising our shareholders of exciting new developments in the near future.
A hidden gem??
Do your own research! And you may see
That this company is still
Under the radar of wall street.
Read full report
Stock profile alert
For june 26, 2005
Halal financial services (otcbb: hllf. Pk)
Existing and emerging financial institutions have been busy developing halal financial products to service the growing demand by a much aware uk muslim population a population which is increasingly affluent, financially astute and at the same time looking to conform their economic life in accordance with the principles of their faith.
As the principle of halal financial services is to facilitate a non - interest based transaction along with ethical investment criteria, this also allows non - muslims who believe in this system to use halal financial services as well.
Initially it is forecasted that halalmortgages. Com division alone will service in the region of three thousand halal mortgage cases per year generating an average collective mortgage book value of $546 million.
Within a year of launch, halalmortgages. Com aim to be the principal intermediary distributor of halal mortgages in the united kingdom. Furthermore, through sister portals such as halalmortgages. Com and others, the company intends to offer a host of other halal financial products as they become available, thereby ensuring a diversified product mix.
Halal financial services
Company alert
Company: halal financial services ticker symbol: hllf
Current price range:. 45 -. 50 (post split pricing)
Exchange: otc
Industry rating: strong
Momentum is building!!
Effective june 28:
Authorized: 125, 000, 000
Managment shares outstanding: 60, 000, 000.
Float: 40, 560, 000
Total outstanding:
100, 560, 000
Corporation websites:
Http:// www.. Com
Http:// www. Halalmortgages. Com
Read full report
Timing is everything!! Hllf. Pk
Investors may learn much more about halal financial services by going to its website.
Corporation web site - http:// www.. Com or http:// www. Halalmortgages. Com
To join market movers mailings press here to find out more.
Safe harbor statement
The information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only, and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Investing in penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment. The investor news journal (inj) is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer. Inj received compensation for this newsletter service for halal financial services. The compensation is $80, 000 from a non - affiliated third party, cortraunt holdings inc. Because inj is receiving compensation for its services, there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent. Inj makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above. Factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice. This release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec. 27 a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and sec. 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. The words may, would, will, expect, estimate, anticipate, believe, intend, and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements.
Media matrix 7025 county rd. 46 a dte 1071 #349 lake mary, fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
