Subject: watch this penny stox trade
Big news expected. This should invoke large gains.
This stox will explode. Do not wait until it is too late.
New news expected this comming week. Expected 7 day price $9. 00
(sym. Bol: cwtd. Ob)
Price: $2. 17
Short term target: $10 - $13
12 month target: $24
Press release
China world trade corporation announced strategic partnership with the
Foundation for globalization cooperation
Tuesday june 7, 8: 20 am et
Tianhe, guangzhou, china, june 7/xinhua - prnewswire/- - china world trade
Corporation (otc bulletin board: cwtd. Ob - news), announced today that the
Ceo clubs china limited (" ceo clubs"), a subsidiary of cwtc, signed a strategic
Alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ('' fgc'').
Under the agreement, ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting
Sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum
And the third global cooperation forum, which will be held in november 2005,
In hangzhou, china.
China world trade corporation co - hosts the 2005 guangdong, hong kong,
Macau wtcs golf tournament
A $1, 000 dollar investment could yield a $5, 000 dollar profit in just
One trade if you trade out at the top. Cwtd. Ob should be one of the most
Profitable stocks to trade this year. In this range the stock has
Potential to move in either direction in bigs wings. This means you
Should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months
To come
You could make $$$thousands of dollars $$$trading.
Chms over and over again.
Cwtd. Ob is also on the reg sho threshold list, this means someone is short
The stock. Any significant volume spike in cwtd. Ob could yield drastic
Results. If the people that are short have to cover, they will be buying
The shares from you at higher prices. This makes this stock a triple
Play for profits!!!
For pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over
And over again just based on the trading patterns.
If the company is able to effectuate it. S business model, watch out!!!
We could see a great story in the making.
Good luck and trade out at the top!!!!
Disclaimer:
Information within this email contains" forwardlooking statements" within
The meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
Thesecurities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve
Discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs,
Plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or
Performance are not statements of historical fact and may be" forward
Looking statements." forwardlooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
Results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
Of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects"," will,"" anticipates,"
" estimates,"" believes," understands" or that by statements indicating
Certain actions" may,"" could," or" might" occur. Risk factors include
General economic and business conditions, the ability to acquire and develop
Specific projects, the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
And business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
Little or no control. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent
That the information contained in this message states all material facts or
Does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this email pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and
Not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
And subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
Email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as any
Kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on
The verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this
Stock. We urge you to read the company' s sec filings now, before you invest.
The publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. In compliance with the securitiesact of 1933, section
17 (b), the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
Thousand free trading shares from a third party, not an officer, director or
Affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias. The party
That paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
Notice. This could have a negative impact on the price of the stock, causing
You to lose money. All factual information in this report was gathered from
Public sources, including but not limited to sec filings, company websites
And company press releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes this
Informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
Completeness. Use of the material within this email constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.