Subject: from david wood london (citibank)
Letter from david wood (london)
Greetings,
I am david wood the bank manager of citibank 332 oxford street, london wln
9 aa. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On
June 6, 1997, an iraqI foreign oil consultant/contractor with the british
Petroluem corporation mr. Haffez al sadique.
Made a numbered time (fixed deposit) for 36 calendar months, valued at us $20, 500, 000. 00
(twenty nine million five hundred thousand dollars only) in my branch. Upon
Maturity in 2000, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
But got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract
Employers, the british petroleum corporation that mr. Haffez al sadique
Died as a result of torture in the hand of sadam hussein during one of his
Trips to his country iraq. On further investigation,
I found out that he died without making a will, and all attempts to trace
His next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and
Discovered that mr haffez al sadique. Did not declare any kin or relations
In all his official documents, including his bank deposit paperwork in my
Bank.
This sum of us $29, 500, 000. 00 have been floating as unclaimed since 2000
In my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the stones.
According to the british law at the expiration of 8 (eight) years, the money
Will revert to the ownership of the british government if nobody applies
To claim the fund and the eight years is the end of december 2004.
Consequently, my proposal is that I want to seek your consent as a foreigner
To stand in as the owner of the money as the next of kin to the deceased
So that the bank will transfer the money to your designated account. All
Documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked
Out. I have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any
Of the deceased beneficiaries, and more so I are assuring you that the business
Is risk free involvement. Your share stays while the rest be for me and
For investment purpose as I will leave london by the end of the year.
The sharing of the funds will be based according to agreement within me
And you. As soon as I receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message
In acceptance of our mutual business proposal, I will furnish you with the
Necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suit both parties without
Any conflict. If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take undue advantage
Of the trust I have bestowed in you.
Please, appreciate the fact that doing business over the internet is risk.
Endeavor to send your confidential telephone and fax number in your reply
To this business.
God bless you.
Mr david wood