Subject: please kindly assist
Greetings,
I am prince fayad w. Bolkiah, the eldest son of prince jefrI bolkiah, former finance minister of brunei, the tiny oil - rich sultanate on the northern coast of the island of borneo, in eastern asia. I will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history, which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother, the sultan of bruneI sheik muda hassanal bolkiah.
As you may know from the international media, the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $14. 8 billion dollars. This was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father company amedeo development company and government owned bruneI investment company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office. However my father was kept under house arrest, his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later confiscated by the sultanate.
Furthermore, during this unfortunate period I was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives, but before I could do that I was placed under house arrest by the sultan and I have no access to a phone but I have a palm v hand - held computer from which I am sending you this mail. Before my incaceration, I went ahead to dispatch the sum of fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us $58. 5 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of a private security and trustee company for safe keeping abroad.
Hence I seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad. I have decided to offer 10% of these funds to you as compensation for your strong cooperation.
Please I count on your absolute confidentiality, transparency and trust while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction.
I remain yours sincerely.
Prince fayad. W. Bolkiah
BruneI darussalam.