Subject: elektronik lottery promotion prize awards!!!
From: government accredited licensed lottery promoters. Winning notice for category \" a \" winner
Dear lucky winner,
Re: elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification
We are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual
Final draws of lotto international netherlands programs.
The online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of
25, 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an
Advanced automated random computer search from the internet. No tickets were sold. After this automated computer ballot, your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category \" a \" with the following:
Ref number: pc 390 es 214
Batch number: 26371545 - lni/2005
Ticket number: pcp 002 871
You as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize
Of 1, 500, 000. 00. (one million, five hundred thousand euro only) each from the total payout. Your prize award has been insured
With your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting
Our requirements, statutory obligations, verifications, validations and
Satisfactory report.
To begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised
To contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category
\" a \" winners with the information below:
Mr. Van bell,
Remittance department director,
Tel: + 31 617 186 560
E - mail: vanbell@ nzoomail. Com
Vanbell 2005@ web - mail. Com. Ar
You are also advised to provide him with the under listed information
As soon as possible:
1. Name in full
2. Address
3. Nationality
4. Age
5. Occupation
6. Phone/fax
Note: all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days. After this
Dateall unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake.
Remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence.
You are to keep all lotto information away from the general public
Especially your reference and ticket numbers. (this is important as a
Case of double claims will not be entertained). Members of the affiliate
Agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program.
Thank you and congratulations!!!
Yours faithfully,
Mrs. Lynn rowlands,
Games/lottery coordinator.
Lotto international netherlands
Www. Lotto. Nl
This email may contain information which is confidential and/or
Privileged. The information is intended solely for the use of the
Individual or entity named above. If you are not the intended
Recipient, be aware that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of
The contents is prohibited. If you have received this electronic
Transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return
Email and delete the material from your computer.
Mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http:// skdclan. Wwwpuntocom. Com