Subject: a heartwarmer: just imagine
~welcome to heartwarmers ~
Http:// www. Heartwarmers. Com
The best thing to happen to mornings since the sun!
Your morning thought for the day:
Retirement at 65 is ridiculous.
When I was 65 I still had pimples.
- - george burns
It' s summer vacation time and parents will soon be hearing from
Their kids that they' re bored.
One of the biggest regrets we hear from the older generation, is
That kids lack the playful imagination that was common a generation
Or two ago.
Back in the" olden days", kids knew how to entertain themselves
With surprisingly little. There was no such thing as playstation.
Kids ran outside to play kick - the - can in a game that was shockingly
Not organized by adults. They actually did it themselves.
Today, mike shares some thoughts about kids and modern
Imagination - - or lack thereof...
What do you think?
Support our sponsors
They keep our service priceless.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Hundreds of our readers are saving a small fortune...
Heartwarmer, petwarmer and kidwarmer subscribers are discovering the
Tremendous benefits of using tel 3 advantage to make long distance and
International calls - - some saving 90%! Get started now by calling:
800 - 330 - 6897. When asked for your" activation code" say: 311 - 673.
Or you can click here to get complete details and sign up online:
Http:// www. Pocketwarmers. Com/c
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Get free software for your computer
Hundreds of titles to choose from. You only pay postage.
In fact, order 4 disks and get free postage for the 5 th.
Http:// www. Pocketwarmers. Com/d
Just imagine
By michael t. Smith
When I married ginny, I gained a new son, daughter and four
Grandsons. I became an instant grandpa.
Over the july 4 th holiday, I got to meet my new daughter and her
Three boys for the first time. It took a day for my new grandsons to
Warm up to me.
The first day they stared at me, perhaps wondering what they
Were supposed to do with this man, who they were told is" grandpa."
I waited patiently. I knew boys like to play. They' d come to me in
Their own time.
On day two, the oldest two were doing summersaults over my lap.
The youngest, ben, took a little longer, but yesterday he raced me
Across the yard thirty times and won every time.
The weekend brought back memories of my own childhood. We had
Such imaginations. In our minds, a tree was a tower to spot
Approaching bad guys, a big rock became a mountain, a fallen log a
Space ship headed to the stars. We had toys, but we had to use our
Imagination, not like the new toys I see my grandkids with.
Our toys didn' t talk, and if they did, you pulled a string to
Make it work. We had blocks to build, crayons to create, trucks and
Cars to push. They were simple toys that required imagination. I
Thought about the toys in my garage, the ones I saved, when my
Children outgrew them. They were simple and needed their imagination
To work. Mr. Potato head allowed them to learn parts of the body and
Giggle at the funny face with an ear where its mouth should have been.
I still have an old plastic phone. It has a dial to turn, a
Bell that rings when you push a button, and that' s it. It doesn' t
Talk, squawk, beep or move around the room. It' s simple and was used
When they played house, nurse, doctor, and secretary.
I have a toy doctor' s bag, with all the plastic doctor' s tools.
I remember all the broken bones, cuts, bangs, scratches and aches my
Daughter repaired as I lay in her office moaning.
Most toys today do it all. We don' t need imagination - - it
Comes in a box. Video games that take us into another world or
Reality, talking toys, with vocabularies better than most people,
Computerized toys to teach the alphabet. Kids sit and have
Imagination brought to them. The teaching toys are great, but
Children tire of them - - it' s like being in school.
When my son was young and tired of his toys, he would come to me
And say," dad, i' m bored."
" go find something to do," i' d reply.
" I don' t know what to do."
" go outside and find a friend."
" naaa! I don' t want to do that."
" use your imagination."
" huh?" he asked.
" well, when I was young..." you know the routine.
Sports is the same. We' re entertained for hours watching
Someone else have fun doing what they' re good at. Wouldn' t it be
Better to be playing yourself? If we don' t like the sports available
To watch, we create new ones. It doesn' t matter what, people will
Pay to see it, because they need to be entertained. I haven' t heard
Of world championship worm digging, but if someone offered a large
Cash price, people would buy tickets to scream at the contestants.
I worry. Are we becoming a society that needs outside influence
To have fun?
I think i' ll go climb a tree.
Maybe there' s a pirate ship on the horizon or someone is
Attacking my castle.
Just imagine.
- - michael t. Smith
Michael lives in new jersey with his new wife and son.
From our mailbag:
(in response to last week' s story, cinderella men)
Dear heartwarmers:
Last week' s heartwarming story opened a door to memory lane. I
Too, was born in the 30 s and felt some of the poverty of that time.
I remember my mom and dad who never complained of the fatigue that
Was so ever present in their lives. We were very fortunate in as
Much as we always had plenty of food and warm shelter. We had a
Garden and salvaged every edible product available - - even certain
" weeds" that were quite tasty after mother got all the spices in
Them. I had several beautiful dresses made from feed sacks that i
Wore with pride! We were very poor, but so rich indeed because we
Had love and the knowledge that god was upper most in our lives, and
It taught us lessons that had never been printed in the books. I
Deeply appreciate those lessons of long ago because they have taught
Me how to handle the tough times we have encountered in this life of
Prosperity and promise. Thank you again for your lovely story. God
Bless.
- -
Do you enjoy heartwarmers? Maybe your friends would too. They can
Join for free by sending an email to: join@ heartwarmers. Com
Thank you, heartwarmer angels!
A big heartfelt thank you to our heartwarmer angels.
Joan kiefner, el dorado hills, california
Jerry plantz, lees summit, missouri
Ila george, schertz, texas
Ronald & shirley tansill, atlanta, georgia
Don goldschen, springfield, virginia
Chip robinson, cambridge, massachusetts
Kathleen altemus, avonmore, pennsylvania
Keith & kay hill, camarillo, california
Phyllis reasoner, adrian, michigan
Bernadine brooks, winters, california
David moneyhon, spring, texas
Albert blight, windsor, ontario
Linda king, portland, oregon
Judy hord, phoenix, arizona
Sally bible, lake oswego, oregon
Pam peyron, vale, oregon
Rayna peyron, la grande, oregon
Judith hurley, vail, arizona
Catherine waygood, east hampton, new york
Ethel halpin, ridge new york
Lizbeth crews, mcallen, texas
Julie casos, west jordan, utah
Shirley johnson, ft. Oglethorpe, georgia
David johnson, caseyville, illinois
Elaine olson, santa fe, new mexico
Sue mullennix, ft. Wayne, indiana
Deborah shearer, dundalk, maryland
Twila escalante, grand cayman
Lois scott, sandpoint, idaho
Nancy wolf, bay shore, new york
Frances arellano, roland, iowa
Arlene millman, huntington, new york
Nancy eckerson, akron, new york
David price, tempe, arizona
Marilyn myers, anderson, indiana
Linda barfield, mccoll, south carolina
Vickie kellogg, durham, north carolina
VickI arcado, sandy, utah
Charles & victoria trenkle, palm desert, ca
CherI nicodemus, baltimore, maryland
Debra cole, balko, oklahoma
Karl schmidt, pitt meadows, british columbia
Lisa marie coffey, oak park, california
Jean carlson, jamestown, north dakota
Nannette gaylord, new bern, north carolina
Jeanne escher - pickel, irving, texas
Lorena copeland, greensboro, north carolina
Leta sousa, montgomery, alabama
Al batt, hartland, minnesota
Beverly salemme, randolph, massachusetts
Barbara wolf, greeley, colorado
Joyce courson, perryton, texas
David johnson, caseybille, illinois
Donna diciaccio, lynn, massachusetts
Nancee donovan, concord, new hampshire
Marilyn myers, anderson, indiana
Ann berger, colville, washington
Kathleen doldan, grand island, new york
Daria takach, garfield, new jersey
TerrI goggin, havertown, pennsylvania
Suzanne shuster, south riding, virginia
Dick & doris miller, central point, oregon
David johnson, caseyville, illinois
Rosemary blackman, tulare, california
Mary munarin, scottsdale, arizona
Tabitha jones, middlesboro, kentucky
Barbara lincks, gardena, california
Mary horbal, shelton, connecticut
Leo perry, st. Paul, minnesota
You can become an" angel" member with your contribution of $25
Or more. Your name will be proudly listed when you join. Help our
Efforts to spread positive and uplifting messages around the planet.
Send to: heartwarmers, po box 527, lewiston, ny 14092. Be sure to
Include your name and town.
If you know someone who is seeking help - - for anything, including
Anger, smoking, bad habits, lack of motivation, etc - - let them know
They can begin taking control of their lives today. Have them check
This website out: http:// www. Hypnosisdownloads. Com/? 739
We put spaces before and after the@ sign in the email addresses to
Prevent worms, viruses, and robots from harvesting them. If you
Would like to correspond, just remove the spaces.
Changing your email address soon? If you are going to change your
Email address and want to continue receiving your heartwarmers, be
Sure to let us know. It' s easy to change. Send a blank email from
Your old email address to: remove@ heartwarmers. Com then, send an
Email from your new email address to: join@ heartwarmers. Com
Grace says: when diane' s 2 - year - old grandson oggie arrived, she
Picked him up for a hug." mmm," diane said," you smell good. What
Smells so good?" oggie replied," screen saver." (he meant
Sunscreen!)
You can get kidwarmers for free by sending an email to: join@ kidwarmers. Com
To join (it' s free!), send an email to:
Join@ heartwarmers. Com
To discontinue, send an email to:
Remove@ heartwarmers. Com
Homepage, ad info and archives:
Http:// www. Heartwarmers. Com
Your own free heartwarmers webpage:
Http:// www. Heartwarmers. Com/freepage /
Directory of members' webpages:
Http:// www. Heartwarmers 4 u. Com/members /
70 percent off new inkjet cartridges
Http:// www. Heartwarmers 4 u. Com/b
Note: nothing here may be reproduced or published in
Any way without the express permission of the
Individual authors and/or copyright owners.
To unsubscribe, click on the following web page.
Your membership is listed as: projecthoneypot@ projecthoneypot. Org