Subject: will you be the next one selected for his public challenge?
My simple, yet proven strategies for generating multiple streams of unlimited income work - now let me take you by the hand and prove it!..."
" on live tv I promised the world I would make $24, 000 in 24 hours, and... I failed - instead i' cracked the code' and made $94, 532. 44 in 24 hours."
I want you to look over my shoulder, so to speak and watch how I do it... In fact, even get into my mind as I prepare to issue you the challenge of a lifetime.
Robert g. Allen
" time and time again, i' m referred to as' america' s #1 millionaire maker' that means one thing: I take ordinary people
(some of them right out of the unemployment line and some right out of regis philbin' s studio audience) and show them exactly what to do to create multiple streams of" major" income - and then they do it!"
" and with the release of my new book,' multiple streams of income' i' m on the prowl again -
Looking for a small, select group of ordinary people who want my help in creating instant wealth like I have for countless others! If you qualify, there' s only one small, reasonable catch:
" I will use your new cash flow success story in my upcoming promotions. So if you can live with that' catch' - then you must stop everything you' re doing and read the rest of this letter right now"
(important:
You must respond to this invitation within the next 60 minutes.
Due to the time - sensitive nature of this opportunity, we must
Release your reserved slot to someone else if you do not respond
Within the allotted time.)
Invitation clock count - down
You must r. S. V. P. Within minutes
Dear friend seeking financial independence and personal freedom,
Hi. My names robert allen. I' m the author of two of the best selling
Financial books in history; both #1 new york times best sellers:
Nothing down
Creating wealth
My books have sold over 2. 5 million copies, over 150, 000 people have
Attended my wealth seminars, and i' ve accepted challenges by the press and have proven time
And again that my money making strategies work.
In fact, recently I was challenged again on national tv. It was in front of a live
Audience. I was challenged to take someone from regis philbins studio audience and
Teach them my wealth building strategies and guess what?
Just 90 days after following my systems,
Pat watson was $20, 000 wealthier!
Listen, you' ve heard all the get rich now claims and you' re sick of
Seeing them! The fact is most of those
People who claim to know how you can make money haven' t made much money
Themselves let alone taught others how to do it!
The difference between them and me is that i' ve proven my
Strategies time and time again in the national limelight and my systems truly
Work in fact, i' ve been dubbed america' s #1 millionaire maker.
Right now, america and I need you for my upcoming nationwide tour to share your story of upcoming success and wealth to those who need hope - all across america.
Let me tell you about a few of my" money challenges"... This is where I put my money where my mouth is:
I was also challenged by the los angeles times:
You might remember when the los angeles times challenged me to buy real
Estate with nothing down. With a reporter by my side, $100 for living expenses,
And armed only with my knowledge; I purchased 7 properties worth $772, 000, all
In 57 hours.
I told the mayor of st louis missourI (the show me state):
Send me to any unemployment line. Let me select someone who is broke, out of
Work, discouraged. Let me teach him in
Two days time the secrets of wealth, and in 90 days he' ll be back on his feet,
With $5, 000 cash in the bank, never to set foot in an employment line again.
I selected a young couple from the unemployment lines of st. Louis, missouri.
Ninety days later they earned $5, 000 using one of my techniques, and....
Within 12 months they had earned over $100 k!
My proudest moments are when I coach starving millionaires (people
Who should be millionaires but aren' t) on wealth building strategies and see
Them achieve extraordinary results, again and again!
I' ve done these same challenges in other major cities - washington, d. C.,
Miami, boston, san diego, and new york - all with similar results!
This brings me to my next challenge in which I took all of the hype out
Of the high - powered profit potential of the internet, and decided to make it a
Reality for my students. I said:
Sit me at any key board of any computer in the world with internet
Access, and I will in 24 hours, earn at least $24, 000 cash!
I got myself into the life or death mindset and I went to work
I started my internet challenge at exactly at 12: 38 pm in front of live
Television, I held my breath, and turned my system on and signed on to the
Internet
In 6 hours and 11 minutes I had generated $46, 684. 95
Then I went to sleep... And when I woke up the next morning and checked the computer -
(with cameras rolling):
The total was now $78, 827. 44
This was exciting because I knew I still had four hours left!
That afternoon, 24 hours after the challenge had begun...
The total had grown to $94, 532. 44
In a mere 24 hours!
Why do I tell you all of this?
Well its certainly not to brag but its to prove that
I practice what I teach! And since i' m ready to announce my next
Challenge, I thought you' d like to hear my success story - and how I can help you regardless of where you are
In your financial life.
So heres my newest challenge:
Send me a group of people who want to become financially independent.
Let me teach them my proven, wealth building
Strategies. And in 90 days, they will have developed multiple streams of
Income. Eventually these streams of
Income may give them the freedom to do what ever they want for the rest of
Their lives.
Thats my newest challenge and I want you to be a part of it.
You have everything it
Takes to break the mold of an average income earner but you just need to
Decide to do it!
Listen, I know the reason you' re still reading this letter is
Because you believe there still is hope theres still a chance a glimmer
Of hope that you can be a millionaire.
Its hard to leave your comfort zone. But you can do it and I will help you.
But first, let me tell you about a few people who' ve had the courage to
Follow their instinct, break out of their comfort zones, and follow my advice:
Robert, my life was never the same again
Here' s the incredible news: only one year after using your strategies,
(coincidentally our twelfth wedding anniversary,) we became millionaires,
Yes, a million dollars in equity! Wow!
Depending on what time frame you measure from, that' s either
' incredibly fast' or' miraculously fast'! Six months from picking up your book, four - plus months from becoming
Protgs, two months and nine days after quitting my job!
That takes my breath away!... This letter
Stands as testimony to your accomplishments... Robert, thank
You, thank you, thank you!
- - karen n. B., nevada
" in the last 2 months we have made nearly
$250, 000 using the robert allen internet techniques."
- - olie v. AndreI k., ontario
Just do what you love and the money will follow'
In fields of dreams:' just build it, and they will
Come' wish me luck the rest of the way. Haven' t I told you what the sale price
Of this building was? It was $57, 000! I' m really excited and am on my way finally!
Thank you for all your encouragement.
- - eugene w., california
" in my first - ever deal i' m acquiring a $5. 7 million 91 unit apartment building for $4. 25 million using none of my own money."
- - greg w., new york
(remember: I will always be up front and honest with you. The amount
Of success you may have will depend upon important key variables...
These experiences are not typical. You may not be as successful as these testimonials shown.)
As your mentor, let me tell you about the first secret to building
Wealth: having multiple streams of income flowing into your bank account.
Would it change your life completely if, per chance, you were
To lose your major source of income today think about that!
What would you do if you lost your sole source of income!?
I will teach you how to develop other streams of income, so you can protect yourself from ever having to deal with
This imaginary scenario.
Heres some of what you' ll learn:
1. Creative real estate investing: 76% of
All millionaires started their fortunes in real estate.
I' ve sold more real estate books than any other author of all time.
2. Information marketing: have you ever
Had a million - dollar idea, but never acted on it?
Learn to sell your ideas for royalties the hottest millionaire - making trend.
3. Stock investing: how do the wealthy
Take advantage of the amateur investors in the stock market? Learn to make
Consistent money regardless of what the stock market does.
4. Internet enterprises: how I made
$94, 000 live on tv in 24 hours! What did I do that was different?
These are proven income - generating avenues that
Build wealth. Wealth comes from
Understanding the power of multiple streams of cash flow... On cruise control!
My official invitation to you
Right here right now i' m inviting you to experience my member' s only training in my new multiple
Streams of income downloadable training course. In this brand new digital course,
I' ll be teaching you all of my proven, successful and profitable wealth secrets.
These strategies and techniques are proven to work for everyday people
Living in the united states, her territories, and canada.
International applicants are not being accepted at this time.
Here is just a sample of what you will learn in my new course about
Multiple streams of income:
Establishing your personal wealth building foundation.
How to earn $100, 000 to $250, 000 a year for life.
How to retire early.
How to grow your own money tree.
Profiting from 5 massive trends that will create many millionaires in the next century.
Building a small or not so small fortune on the internet:
Double your internet income and work less hours.
Secret strategies for getting people to your website.
The easiest products to sell on the internet.
How to sell products on the internet without buying or shipping them.
How the internet can pay for your retirement.
Developing multiple streams of income:
How to start your very own multI - million dollar business from your kitchen table.
6 powerful businesses you can start for less than a thousand dollars.
Create a money making machine that runs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year without an office or employees.
How to create streams of income that, once established, require little or none of your personal attention.
The seven essential secrets for finding the most powerful home - based business.
Real estate strategies that work.
How to buy a house or condo, sell it for less than you paid and walk away with a cash profit.
How to buy millions of dollars of real estate with none of your own money.
How to buy a home paying no interest.
How to live in a million dollar mansion for the price of living in an ordinary house.
Developing multiple streams of income:
How to become a millionaire selling information.
Make a thousand dollars a day selling" how to" information.
How to get total strangers to practically line up and literally beg you to take their money for your information product.
How to make $20 a word every time you sit down to write.
The fastest way to turn an idea into cash.
If you believe you have what it takes to succeed with my guidance, i' m going to do something
Absolutely" unheard of." (remember - i' ve accepted a public challenge, so i' m willing to do
Practically anything to help you succeed!)
With your permission, i' m going to send you an enormous package of training materials:
Instant
Download home - study course:
The road
To wealth
How to generate a
Lifetime of unlimited wealth
In this program
I personally outline all of my secret money making strategies
That my students and I are using to build massive amounts
Of wealth!
Build your real estate fortune:
The robert
Allen money power system
You get your own copy of this exclusive real estate course!
Profit from the" perfect" investment. I' ve made
Millions doing this - now you get the secrets of
Making risk - free offers, finding" cash cows",
And how to use" ultimate leverage"... Even includes
Copies of forms for you to use!
Special
Report 1
" 7 strategies for
Making a fortune online"
How to get
More visitors to your site now
Learn the secrets to writing great emails
Become an expert on giving your website visitors
Instant gratification.
Learn the secrets of how the big web sites keep
People coming back.
Special
Report 2
" nothing down real
Estate techniques"
50 nothing down
Techniques
How to make the banks work for you
The fundamentals of leveraging capital
How a partners money can make you money
Creative financing options that work
Special
Report 3
" zero
To $1, 000, 000 on $49 a month"
The 3
Things you must do
What the big secret is.
How to use all of your power
The fundamentals of finance
Where do I get the money to start
How to make your plan and then work it
Special
Report 4
" how
To make $24, 000 in 24 hrs. On the internet"
Exactly
How I made $94, 532. 44 in 24 hours
How to develop a target audience
How to find out what your audience wants to buy
How to motivate your target audience to act now
Getting started - your action plan
How to find the hungriest fish in the lake
How to discover the kind of bait your fish will
Bite on.
This is a strictly limited offer (remember - i' ve accepted a public challenge, so i' m willing to do practically anything to help you succeed!)
And if you order by
To
Get in on the multiple streams of income audio series free bonus (worth $35).
I kid you not the information in this audio alone can turn your entire life around, and bring you all the wealth you
Could ever need.
Copyright 2004 esI one, inc.
Education success, inc. 5072 n. 300 w. Provo, ut 84604 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
