Subject: uae enquiries
Dear sirs,
Emiratestenders provides you with the latest business information on projects, tenders, enquiries and business deals in the united arab emirates.
We will keep you informed about all business activities in abu dhabi, dubai, sharjah, al ain & northern emirates in areas such as construction, oilfield development, telecommunication, information technology, medical, power generation, roads & bridges & more.
Emiratestenders provides members free access to the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database with many benefits including:
Complete access to our detailed real time database on all projects, tenders and enquiries in united arab emirates. (details provided are: project number, project name, territory, client, client address, description, invitation date, post date, closing date, tender cost, budget, contractors, consultants, tender categories, status, remarks)
Free e - mail notification on preferred areas of business and useful local business news.
Easy to use search options.
Archive of over 8, 000 projects and tenders for market research and analysis which is updated on a daily basis.
A newsletter with information on the latest business activities in the uae.
Free consultancy on local business requirements in the territory.
The people at emiratestenders have indepth knowledge and experience about the local market and can assist you to develop your business in the united arab emirates. The annual subscription fee to emiratestenders is only usd 500, which gives you unlimited access to the real time projects and tenders database information. Click here to see a sample page.
For only usd 500, you can sign up as a member to take advantage of the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database in what is undoubtedly one of the most exiting and potentially lucrative markets in the world today.
Please visit http:// www. Uaeenquiries. Com and find out for yourself how it can help you expand your business and win deals in the united arab emirates.
Yours faithfully, sales and support teamtel: + 971 2 - 6348495 fax: + 971 2 - 6316465
You are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers for business development or one of it' s marketing partners. If you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers, please reply to remove@ uaeenquiries. Com with a" remove" subject in the email.