Subject: hot stock info: drgv announces another press release
A $3, 800 investment could be worth $50, 000 in a short period of time. Read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you!
There
Is no doubt that china stocks, which are new to u. S. Stock markets, are destined to blast off. It happens time and time and time
Again. Thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting
Rich on china stocks. The market is enormous and now its your
Turn. The upside potential for drgv is huge. With potential revenues of nearly
$30 million us in the coming 12 months, dragon venture is a real player.
Everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big
Chinese winner.
Warren buffett
Said u. S. Stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china. Everyone knows what happens when mr. Buffett gets into a market, it usually explodes!
Here is why we are placing a
Target price of $1. 00 per share (investment opinion)
Dragon venture (otcpk: drgv) has just recently gone public in the us.
Analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry.
Mobile marketing is growing in popularity, in china, emarketer reports that 67% of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers, 39% in asia, 36% in europe and only 8% in us.
Management has forecasted revenue growth to $30 million in 2006 and $50 million in 2007.
Short messaging services (sms) is a strong telecom niche. This is an asian phenomenon!!
According to the ministry of information technology of china, chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world' s traffic!
China has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world, said matthew j. Flanigan, u. S. Telecommunications industry president.
Drgv won' t be selling at $0. 0775 a share for long. Within days, the buzz about this company will spread on the street. The stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $. 50 to $1 per share. Drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors. We view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term. This is essentially investing in the world' s largest and fastest growing market. Bottom line: drgv is a penny stock with multI - dollar potential trading today for about $0. 0775/share. We are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $1 a share. Chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy! Who knows when you' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again? Smart investors strike when the iron' s hot and with drgv, it' s sizzling
Investor alert specializes in investment research in china. We are not registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. Investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report. Rather, investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies. Factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice. Nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company. Investor alert and/or its officers, directors, or affiliates have received compensation of $5, 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and/or may have, from time to time, a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein.
Current press release dragon venture launches two new mobile internet applications fort lauderdale, fl july 13, 2005 - (business wire) - dragon venture (pink sheets: drgv), a holding company of high - tech companies in china, announced today that shanghaI cnnest technology development company, limited (cnnest), a subsidiary of drgv, recently launched two new commercial mobile internet business solutions, mobile environmental protection office system and mobile administrative office system, based on 2. 5 g wireless technology.
Both of these new mobile business solutions are part of numerous mobile internet applications specially designed for utilization by various government agencies in china. This launch was a stated goal of cnnest in 2005 and accomplished on time. As a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china, cnnest plans to quickly penetrate the chinese government market, which could provide the company with significant business opportunities.
Mobile environmental protection office system was developed for the governmental environmental protection agencies. Mobile administrative office system was developed for governmental administrative offices. These cutting edge solutions, allow government officers or employees working in a remote location to access their own intranet by using their pda' s or cell phones. Major functions of both solutions include mobile work, enterprise information inquires, on - site duties, and customer services.
Hidy cheng, vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest, commented, the various government agencies in china have the potential to become major clients of our company. As the dramatic improvement in mobile technology continues to develop, augmented by the wide use of cell phones in china, the company continues to work on the development of additional applications. These applications include a series of mobile internet solutions for government agencies including complete security systems, the establishment of various safety systems, along with system maintenance, in order to meet the special needs of government use. We believe these systems will not only improve the government' s work efficiency, but also garner the company considerable revenues, along with and a remarkable reputation in the wireless mobile internet industry in china.
About dragon venture
Dragon venture (dragon) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries. Dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors. The current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions. Two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china. As china emerges as a growing force on the global stage, dragon' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy. In addition, dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china, offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting, formation of joint ventures, access of capital, merger and acquisition, business valuation, and revenue growth strategies. Dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china. Our focus will be on innovative technological applications, which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry. In addition, the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies, focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication, information technology, wireless applications, and other high - tech industries.
Safe harbor statement
Certain statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words estimate, project, intend, forecast, anticipate, plan, planning, expect, believe, will likely, should, could, would, may or words or expressions of similar meaning. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the company' s ability to grow its business. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the company' s limited operating history, the limited financial resources, domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china, activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition, and changes in federal or state laws, restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country, in particular china, and conditions of equity markets.
Dragon venture 335 guoding rd. Building 2, ste. 2009 shanghai, china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
