Subject: enjoy media (ejym) enters chinese tv advertising market
Enjoy media (ejym), a chinese media company, on fast growth track by signing up chinese advertising clients
Enjoy media anticipates strong growth in 2005
Jun 7, 2005 6: 00: 00 am
Copyright business wire 2005
Hong kong - - (business wire) - - june 7, 2005 - -
Enjoy media holdings limited (pink sheets: ejym) (www. Enjoymedia. Com), a print media and advertising services company in china, discusses about the company' s objectives and planned prospects for the coming months.
The key initiatives for the company are:
Expand the existing network of restaurants and cafes
Increase the advertising sales revenue of the current printed media
Acquire additional wait media businesses
Enjoy media is a pioneer in the field of printed advertising media placed in restaurants in china. It supplies paper products, such as paper placemats, napkins and other displays, displaying advertisements, free of charge, to restaurants and cafes. Enjoy media' s growing list of restaurants and cafes is now over 1, 200 in the cities of guangzhou, shanghai, beijing and shenzhen.
The printed media, termed wait media, showcases advertisements to customers while waiting for their food order and during their dining time. The restaurants and cafes in the enjoy media network, such as trendy cafes, western food restaurants and fast - food franchises, typically operate in multiple locations in high traffic areas, and attract young urban and white - collar customers. Enjoy media keeps advertisers informed of customer profiles, and helps them to design and produce suitable advertisements.
Mr. Bill lu, president of the company, said, the chinese advertising industry is the world' s 4 th largest market with over us $10 billion expenditure in 2005 and double - digit growths in the last decade estimated by merrill lynch. Coupled with china' s booming restaurant sales, which bloomberg reports to be estimated at us $106 billion with 18% growth in 2005, it is reasonable to expect enjoy media will benefit directly from china' s phenomenal growth in advertising and dining spending. We are eager to extend our success to other cities in china leveraging our current first mover advantages. We also plan to expand our sales team to increase our advertiser base. These steps will likely bring a significant boost to enjoy media' s revenue in 2005 and time ahead. We are at the same time looking for other' wait media' opportunities to complement our business.
About enjoy media holdings limited
Enjoy media holdings limited (enjoy media) is an innovative media and advertising company based in guangzhou, china. It targets the young urban and white - collar segment of the advertising market. Enjoy media supplies paper placemat, napkins and other displays that display advertisements, free of charges, to a network of over 1, 200 cafes and restaurants in the cities of guangzhou, shanghai, beijing and shenzhen in china. Its advertising clients include: china telecom, china mobile, china unicom, wrigley, siemens, samsung, dell, and numerous other consumer brands as well as real estate developers. Enjoy media expects to grow its network of restaurants and cafes to more than 4, 000 in the next 3 years.
For more information about enjoy media, please visit http:// www. Enjoymedia. Com.
Source: enjoy media holdings limited
Enjoy media signed long term advertising client
Jun 15, 2005 7: 00: 00 am
Copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - (business wire) - - june 15, 2005 - -
Enjoy media holdings limited (pink sheets: ejym), a print media and advertising services company in china, announced today that it has signed a ten - year advertising contract with showgood creation limited (www. Showgood. Com). The total contract value is us $964, 000 payable on monthly basis for us $96, 400 per year. Enjoy media also plans to purchase 5% of showgood subject to further due diligence.
Showgood is a creative media and entertainment production house, based in guangzhou, china. Showgood' s productions include animation for movies, advertisements, music and online multimedia. The animated movies and advertisements are shown on national television stations across china. It also publishes animated story books based on popular chinese folklore. Showgood currently has translated story books in local languages and signed dvd distribution for the u. S. And thailand markets. Its clients include coca - cola, motorola and yahoo! China.
Market conditions are becoming favorable for showgood as chinese audiences are increasingly interested in seeing locally made animations. Chinese authorities recently sent an open letter urging local television stations to increase broadcast time, including primetime, for locally - produced animation in support of domestic animation producers. Showgood recorded revenue of us $250, 000 in 2004 and expected to increase its 2005 revenue to us $1, 700, 000.
Enjoy media signs up china travel service
Jun 21, 2005 6: 00: 00 am
Copyright business wire 2005
Hong kong - - (business wire) - - june 21, 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited (pink sheets: ejym), a print media and advertising services company in china, announced today that it has signed an advertising contract with china travel service (guangdong) limited (www. Gdcts. Com) (cts). Mr. Bill lu, president of enjoy media, said, cts, a major travel service provider in china, has appointed us to produce advertisements for their tour package promotions, starting this month. The chinese travel industry, a us $36 billion market in 2004, is set to grow significantly as the chinese government relaxed the international travel policy for its citizens at the start of 2005 to include more countries in southeast asia and europe. Cts is planning more promotions to coincide with the new demands from chinese travelers. Enjoy media can provide a highly - targeted audience for cts with our growing network.
Cts is the leading travel service operator in southern china with 100 retail outlets and over 400 affiliated agencies. Since its inception in 1990, cts has grown tremendously providing reservations for hotel, airline, transportation and events, and has become one of the best - known travel brands in china. For four consecutive years, cts is one of the top six china' s best international travel agencies and ranked first in guangdong province. In 2004, cts served over one million customers, recorded revenue of us $96 million.
For more information about enjoy media visit www. Enjoymedia. Com
Forward - looking statements:
Certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933, as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended.
Forward - looking statements deal with the company' s current plans, intentions, beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance. Statements containing terms like believes, does not believe, plans, expects, intends, estimates, anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements. Contact:
Enjoy media holdings limited
Mr. Zhongwen chen, (86) 20 - 87521812
Ir@ enjoymedia. Com
Safe harbor statement
This report is for informational purposes only, and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities. Investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies. Elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer. Information, opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable, but no representation, expressed or implied, is made as to its accuracy, completeness or correctness. The opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice. Elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in ejym' s financial or operating condition. As elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report, and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor' s reliance on, or use of, this report. Ejym will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern. A third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message. Elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares, of mentioned companies, in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice. Certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements concerning manufacturing, marketing, growth, and expansion. The words" may,"" would,"" will,"" expect,"" estimate,"" anticipate,"" believe,"" intend," and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements. Such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein.
Elite equity marketing 321 york rd. 2 nd floor towson, md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
