Subject: small - cap stoxs can mean gains for you
* * * * watch this one july 15 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * *
Breaking news alert issue - - - big news
Strong buy alert issued at market close
China world trade corp. Symbol: cwtd
Current price: $2. 47
7 day target: $7. 00
Look for huge news this company back on the move. Rumor has the
Shorts are going to be broken and stock will run. Cwtd website address is
Www. Chinawtc. Com all company info is there. This stock has had good
Movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing
In leaps and bounds.
Company has been profiled on cnn asia, forbes. Com, bloomberg. Com, ceo
Cast. Com, businessweek. Com, p. R. Newswire, pennystock weekly. Com, yahoo
Finance has reports for sale. How much more credibility do you need.
Amex exchange listing waits in the wings. This is big!!!!!! Company filed
For amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k.
Symbol cwtd
Join in and squezze the shorts: cwtd
Take a look at our last strong buy recomendaton we gave you cdgt july 12 th
At $3. 10 and now its $3. 55
Get in cwtd while it' s hot
Disclaimer:
Information within this email contains" forwardlooking statements" within
The meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
Thesecurities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve
Discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs,
Plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or
Performance are not statements of historical fact and may be" forward
Looking statements." forwardlooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
Results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
Of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects"," will,"" anticipates,"
" estimates,"" believes," understands" or that by statements indicating
Certain actions" may,"" could," or" might" occur. Risk factors include
General economic and business conditions, the ability to acquire and develop
Specific projects, the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
And business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
Little or no control. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent
That the information contained in this message states all material facts or
Does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this email pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and
Not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
And subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
Email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as any
Kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on
The verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this
Stock. We urge you to read the company' s sec filings now, before you invest.
The publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. In compliance with the securitiesact of 1933, section
17 (b), the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
Thousand free trading shares from a third party, not an officer, director or
Affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias. The party
That paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
Notice. This could have a negative impact on the price of the stock, causing
You to lose money. All factual information in this report was gathered from
Public sources, including but not limited to sec filings, company websites
And company press releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes this
Informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
Completeness. Use of the material within this email constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.