Subject: notification.
Email transmission
To: beneficiary
From: mr. Alex williams
Wire transfer department..
Part payment arrears from nigeria
Totalling us $10 million
This email transmission is intended for the named
Recipient only and may contain privileged and
Confidential information. If you have received this
Email in error, please notify us immediately. Please
Do not disclose the contents to anyone or copy it to
Outside parties.
Thank you.
Message.
Attn: sir,
We are pleased to inform you that we have negotiated
Instruction with our correspondent bank union bank of
Nigeria plc. (ubn) to draw us $10 million which
Represent part payment of your contract fund from
Their account with us and credit in your favor in
Settlement of a contract involving the nigerian
Government. The transfer is irrevocable, indivisible
And non - transferable.
This transaction has been secured with personal
Identification computerized sealed numbers, contract
Accreditation pin no, transfer access code (tag) and
AntI terrorist clearance certificate to enable us
Identify the bonfire beneficiary and to avoid
Diversion of the fund to wrong account.
Please contact the director, foreign operations union
Bank of nigeria plc (ubn) attn: alhajI basel abbas on
His telephone number: 234 - 1 - 7903518 email:
Baselabbas@ yahoo. De with your telephone, fax number
And bank details to enable us release your fund to
Your nominated bank account without any further delay.
If we do not receive this your information for
Re - confirmation from you within 7 days from date of
This email the transfer will be null and void as we
Have many contractors to pay. Be it known to you that
Your transfer charge of 0. 1% will be deducted from the
Total sum before final transfer to your account, you
Are advised to act fast regarding to this subject
Matter as we have a limited time to conclude all
Payment in this second quarter of the year.
For further enquiry you can contact this bank with the
Above telephone number. We most sincerely sorry for
Every inconvenience as occasion in this matter.
Yours truly,
Hsbc
Wire transfer processing div.
Madrid spain.
Mr. Alex williams
Senior managing director
Security & investigation
H. S. B. C.
Wire transfer processing division
12, calle street, del carlos leganes madrid spain.
Gl 32 by u > k honbank swift hbcbk 353
00 999 0367826 8366410
Registered in u. K number 720662. Registered office:
12, calle street del
Carlos leganes madrid, spain.