Subject: new vacancies availablee
The leading internet job sI barbituric te of australia www. Seek. Com. Au presents unique part - time job proposal from international tour agency travel tour guide. That job position was called" job of the y construe ear - 2004" and it is actual now because of hot summer and best prices for travel tour guide proposals in internet.
Do you want to start a successful carrier right now without any entrance fees, without buying goods or involving other people? Do you want to start a successful carrier in financial sphere without economical education or special experience? - so this glaucoma is a chance for you.
Travel tour guide is happy offering you to apply for one of the open financial manager positions. This is a unique proposal because while examining you as applicant only your criminal records and c prudent redit history will be looked through. All we demand from you is to check your e - mail several times a day and to have a valid bank account or to open a new one.
The main option of financial manager' s job is to receive funds on personal bank account with future remittance to travel tour guide. Manager gets 5% from every remittance. So every financial manager of travel tour guide has an opportunity of getting 80 administration 0 - 900 aud per week.
Travel tour guide resumed that position because of regular bank wires last for 3 - 5 days. Such long period prevents us from selling hot tours. Besides the world leading payment systems like visa and mastercard decreased the limits for internet payments. The activity of financial managers in various regions became inauspicious a rescue for wide range of on - line companies which sells good up to bank limits.
Travel tour guide has already got the network of financial managers working worldwide. We have got a high demand this sum effulgence mer in australia so our managers can not process all the transactions in time. So company resumed that vacancy in australia. Please forward your letter toinfo@ travel - tour - guide. Com and you will be sent the detailed job description and also you can ask for application form.
If you are not interested in this oppose job offer you can visit www. Seek. Com. Au. A lot of vaca patina ncies from more than 75000 employers can be found there.