Subject: good day friend
Dear friend,
My name is salim ibrahim a merchant in dubai, in
The u. A. E. I have been diagnosed with esophageal
Cancer
It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and
Right now I have only about a few months to live,
According to medical experts.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i
Never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but
My business. Though I am very rich, I was never
Generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on
My business as that was the only thing I cared for.
But now I regret all this as I now know that there is
More to life than just wanting to have
Or make all the money in the world.
I believe when god gives me a second chance to come
To this world I would live my life a different way
From how I have lived it. Now that god has called me, i
Have willed and given most of my property and
Assets to my immediate and extended family members as well
As a few close friends.
I want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul
So, I have decided to give also to charity
Organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
Good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have
Distributed money to some charity organizations in the u. A. E,
Algeria and malaysia. Now that my health has
Deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself
Anymore.
I once asked members of my family to close
One of my accounts and distribute the money which i
Have there to charity organization in bulgaria and
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to
Themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
They seem not to be contended with what I have left
For them.
The last of my money which no one knows of is the
Huge cash deposit of (twenty million five hundred
Thousand u. S
Dollars)
That I have with a finance/security
Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect
This consignment and dispatched it to charity
Organizations.
I have set aside 15% for you.
God be with you.
Salim ibrahim
Note: please do get back to me via my private email
Address at ibrahim _ salim@ ny. Com
Becuase I do not want my family to know anything
About this project, so I could give you the full details about
The funds.
Please endeavour to get back to me via my specified
Private
Email address.
Thanks for understanding. May the almighty allah
Bless you
Abondantly.
Mail enviado desde el servicio webmail en el sitio | * btw * | call of duty
-.. /