Subject: hot stock info: drgv announces another press release
A $3, 800 investment could be worth $50, 000 in a short period of time. Read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you!
There
Is no doubt that china stocks, which are new to u. S. Stock markets, are destined to blast off. It happens time and time and time
Again. Thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting
Rich on china stocks. The market is enormous and now its your
Turn. The upside potential for drgv is huge. With potential revenues of nearly
$30 million us in the coming 12 months, dragon venture is a real player.
Everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big
Chinese winner.
Warren buffett
Said u. S. Stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china. Everyone knows what happens when mr. Buffett gets into a market, it usually explodes!
Here is why we are placing a
Target price of $1. 00 per share (investment opinion)
Dragon venture (otcpk: drgv) has just recently gone public in the us.
Analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry.
Mobile marketing is growing in popularity, in china, emarketer reports that 67% of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers, 39% in asia, 36% in europe and only 8% in us.
Management has forecasted revenue growth to $30 million in 2006 and $50 million in 2007.
Short messaging services (sms) is a strong telecom niche. This is an asian phenomenon!!
According to the ministry of information technology of china, chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world' s traffic!
China has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world, said matthew j. Flanigan, u. S. Telecommunications industry president.
Drgv won' t be selling at $0. 055 a share for long. Within days, the buzz about this company will spread on the street. The stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $. 50 to $1 per share. Drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors. We view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term. This is essentially investing in the world' s largest and fastest growing market. Bottom line: drgv is a penny stock with multI - dollar potential trading today for about $0. 055/share. We are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $1 a share. Chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy! Who knows when you' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again? Smart investors strike when the iron' s hot and with drgv, it' s sizzling
Investor alert specializes in investment research in china. We are not registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. Investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report. Rather, investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies. Factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice. Nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company. Investor alert and/or its officers, directors, or affiliates have received compensation of $5, 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and/or may have, from time to time, a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein.
Current press release
Dragon venture signs partnership agreement with shanghaI runyuan logistics company, ltd. To form a joint venture
Monday july 18, 7: 46 am et ft. Lauderdale, fla., july 18, 2005 (primezone) - - dragon venture (other otc: drgv. Pk - news), a holding company of high - tech companies in china, announced today that shanghaI cnnest technology development company, limited (` ` cnnest'', http:// www. Cnnest. Com), a subsidiary of drgv, recently signed a partnership agreement with shanghaI runyuan logistics company, limited (` ` runyuan'') to form a joint venture.
Under the agreement, cnnest and runyuan will establish a joint venture with shanghaI xintong technology company, limited. This joint venture is dedicated to developing mobile internet solutions for logistics for the trucking industry in china. As a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china, cnnest will be responsible for developing mobile internet applications for logistics involving the trucking and freight industries, and seek to have the applications available through both china mobile and china unicom. In return, cnnest will have 25 percent ownership of the new joint venture. Runyuan will provide all the funding for this joint venture including cost associated with the development and refinement of the applications, and in turn will have 75 percent ownership of the joint venture.
Hidy cheng, vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest, commented, ` ` we are very excited about this joint venture, because we believe the potential of this solution in the marketplace could be tremendous. ShanghaI runyuan is a leading company in the logistics industry in china. They have successful business operations, and an excellent reputation in china. The partnerships will provide us a great opportunity to turn our research and development into a commercial application for the logistics industry. The applications will provide the logistics industry a very efficient system in which information for transportation can be accessed through a cellular phone, anywhere. Our revenues will be generated from an annual fee of the use of the system for each account and usage fee of the system. We believe this partnership will generate substantial income for the company.''
About dragon venture
Dragon venture (` ` dragon'') is doing business in china through its subsidiaries. Dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors. The current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions. Two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china. As china emerges as a growing force on the global stage, dragon' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy. In addition, dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china, offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting, formation of joint ventures, access of capital, merger and acquisition, business valuation, and revenue growth strategies. Dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china. Our focus will be on innovative technological applications, which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry. In addition, the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies, focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication, information technology, wireless applications, and other high - tech industries. For more information about dragon venture, please visit http:// www. Dragonventure. Net.
Safe harbor statement
Certain statements set forth in this press release constitute ` ` forward - looking statements''. Forward - looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words ` ` estimate'', ` ` project'', ` ` intend'', ` ` forecast'', ` ` anticipate'', ` ` plan'', ` ` planning'', ` ` expect'', ` ` believe'', ` ` will likely'', ` ` should'', ` ` could'', ` ` would'', ` ` may'' or words or expressions of similar meaning. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the company' s ability to grow its business. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the company' s limited operating history, the limited financial resources, domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china, activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition, and changes in federal or state laws, restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country, in particular china, and conditions of equity markets.
Dragon venture 335 guoding rd. Building 2, ste. 2009 shanghai, china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
