Subject: inheritance fund
From: dale williams
Private email: dalewilliams@. Com
Subject: inheritance fund
Date: july 19 th, 2005.
Dear sir/madam I apologize if the contents hereunder are contrary to
Your moral ethics, but please treat it with absolute secrecy and
Personal courtesy. I am dale williams an auditor of a commercial bank
Here in the united kingdom, in the the process of auditing our bank
Accounts I and one of my colleagues discovered that there is a dormant account
Valued at the sum £ 28, 700, 000. 00
(twenty eight million seven hundred thousand british pounds) and after due
Verification of this account we discovered that the account owner is late and
That is why the account has been dormant and as such a £ 28, 700, 000. 00 has been
Lying in the bank unclaimed.
The idea of presenting somebody who is not related to our deceased
Customer to act as his next of kin came into our mind, that is how and why we
Have contacted you to present you as his next of kin, so that the
£ 28, 700, 000. 00 will be paid to you and we can both disburse the fund according
To the percentage we will agree on. In view of this, I am seeking for your
Co - operation and understanding to stand as the next of kin to our deceased
Customer, to enable us claim the fund from my bank. Hence, if this proposal is
Ok by you and you do not wish to take undue advantage of my trust, then I hope
To bestow on you.
Please kindly get back to me immediately, strictly via my private email
Address only: dalewilliams@. Com to enable me enlighten you
On how we are to proceed. On getting your response, we shall agree on the
Percentage of disbursing the £ 28, 700, 000. 00 between us, as we intend to invest
Part of our own share in real estate business in your country, and we would
Appreciate if you can put us in the right part investing in your country. I
Will not contact any person or company until I hear from you, so as to enable
Me decide on what to do next. Be rest assured that this business is 100% risk
Free. We await for your prompt response.
Regards,
Dale williams
Nb: please note that it does not matter if you are not related to my
Late customer, the fund will still be paid to you, since we are
Presenting you as his next of kin.