Subject: investment op in proven nasa technology
Hey, I thought you might like to take a look at viaspace
Analyst research, report profiling services
By ipodesktop. Com
Viaspace, inc.
Stock symbol: vspc. Ob *
Float: 24 mm (est)
Stock price 7/1/05: $3. 45
Common shares 6/28/05:
283 mm (est)
Recent price range: $2. 80 - $3. 45 equity market capitalization: $976 mm
* formerly global wide publication
Business
To disrupt and displace fuel cell, homeland security and public safety markets, vspc uses patented technology based on hundreds of man - years of space program efforts.
Vspc has licensed technology that has been has been nurtured, tested and proven in labs and space by nasa, jpl, caltech and university of southern california (usc).
Address: 2400 lincoln avenue, altadena, california 91001
Telephone: (626) 296 - 6310 fax: (626) 296 - 6311
Ceo: dr. Carl kukkonen
Web site: press here
State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: nevada
Transfer agent: the nevada agency and trust company
Investor contact: (888) 359 - 9558, e - mail: press to email
Summary
With proprietary technology vspc is driving the growth of very large, billion dollar new markets and is expected to generate very significant recurring income with patented technology products.
To gain competitive advantage, strategic partners are willing to integrate vspc' s products on a worldwide basis.
Future vspc cost - effective growth is based on the' fabless business' model, perfected by the semiconductor industry which, for example, outsources wafer manufacturing to the far east.
Strong management team
A strong management team is the most important, critical ingredient to creating future shareholder value. Vspc has a strong management team (see below).
Large rapidly growing markets
In general, to increase shareholder value a company must participate in rapidly growing markets, and should try to be a significant player in targeted markets. Vspc expects to dominate billion dollar markets that do not exist today, by introducing' believe it or not' technology innovations that create and expand markets.
" breakthrough" products in the vspc pipeline
Vpsc products in the process of commercialization are expected to enable up to 10 hours of laptop computer usage, and three weeks of cell phone operation using fuel cells, gps - free navigation, especially for places where gps doesn' t work (a top dod priority), automated analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray imaging (homeland security), identification of narcotics, chemicals, and biological weapons.
Another total breakthrough, with a nanotechnology based mass spectrometer is a portable, carry - on suitcase size device that processes identifies one molecule at a time: further miniaturization is expected to shoebox size, compared with stationary desk size provided by today' s competitors.
Significant recurring income from fuel cell batteries
In five years, annual revenue from disposable fuel cartridges for fuel cell - powered portable electronic devices is expected to range between $7 billion on the low side to $45 billion on the high side. That market does not exist today.
Vspc' s fuel cell cartridge business model is similar to the well - known razor/razor blade model, which is to sell the razor and then make much more money on the recurring blade business. The fuel cell is a razor, and the disposable fuel cartridge is the razor blade.
Another analogy is the
Flashlight/battery model. Imagine if a company had the primary intellectual property involved in manufacturing flashlights. It would probably license that technology to major flashlight manufacturers, in return for help in dominating the recurring flashlight battery business.
In this case vspc has the proprietary rights to the' flashlight' - - the fuel cell - - and intends to sell the" flashlight battery" - - specifically, disposable fuel cartridges, for an end - user price of $2 - $3 each.
Vspc is currently negotiating to provide its patented fuel cell technology to major computer manufacturers, in return for their agreement to use disposable fuel cartridges developed by vspc, the manufacturing of which will be outsourced to well - known, major plants in the far east.
Intellectual property protected with patents
Vspc' s fuel cell technology, for example, is protected by over 70 issued and pending patents.
Strategic partners lend credibility
To create a cost - effective worldwide footprint, emerging companies must partner with branded, global companies who have strong management teams and significant resources.
Vspc is partnering with major, well - known market leaders who have management, resources and global branding. Partners are attracted to vspc' s technology, and expect to gain competitive advantage by integrating patented, proprietary technology obtained from vspc.
For example, in the fuel cell business, toshiba, nec, sanyo, hitachI and samsung have unveiled prototype fuel cell powered products that more than double the operating time over existing battery technology. These companies are potential strategic partners for vspc. To better work with japanese manufacturers, vspc has opened a tokyo office.
" fabless" business model enables cost - effective growth
Fabless semiconductor chip companies design and develop proprietary chips, then outsource manufacturing to wafer plants in the far east. Some well - known fabless semiconductor companies, ranked by market capitalization, include
$12 billion market cap, broadcom (brcm)
Press here to view
$11 billion market cap, marvell semiconductor (mrvl)
Press here to view
$9 billion market cap, xilinx (xlnx)
Press here to view
$7. 3 billion market cap, altera (altr)
Press here to view
$4. 5 billion market cap, nvidia corp (nvda)
Press here to view
$4. 4 billion market cap, sandisk corp (sndk)
Press here to view
$3 billion market cap, atI technologies (atyt)
Press here to view
(other technologies products to be discussed in future analyst report updates)
Vspc expects to use emerging computational, rf, imaging and nanosensor technologies to drive market growth by enabling gps - free navigation, especially for where gps doesn' t work - - a top dod priority; automated analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray imaging - - for homeland security applications; and identification of narcotics, chemicals, and biological weapons.
When appropriate we will also provide updates on projects currently under review, which include a water purification technology and interactive radio.
Management
Chief executive officer:
Dr. Carl kukkonen, ceo and founding partner.
Prior to founding viaspace technologies llc, dr. Kukkonen was director of the center for space microelectronics technology (csmt) and manager of supercomputing at the caltech/nasa jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena, ca. At jpl, dr. Kukkonen managed several technologies and technical teams, including the technical foundation of viaspace' s operating subsidiaries.
Among his major accomplishments, dr. Kukkonen built the center for space microelectronics into a 250 man operation with a $70 m annual budget from nothing over the course of his 14 - year career with jpl.
Prior to his jpl experience, dr. Kukkonen was at the ford motor company, where he was ford' s leading expert on hydrogen as an alternative automotive fuel. He also led a team that developed ford' s first turbocharged intercooled direct injection diesel engine.
Dr. Kukkonen received a bs in physics from the university of california at davis. He earned an ms and ph. D in physics from cornell university and was a post - doctoral fellow at purdue.
Chief operating officer/vice president business development:
A. J. Abdallat, a co - founder of viaspace.
Mr. Abdallat, along with dr. Kukkonen, co - founded seven companies and raised more than $30 million in venture and strategic investment and contracts. Mr. Abdallat is a co - founder of viaspace technologies llc and was previously with the hewlett - packard company (hp) and control data corporation (cdc) working in business development, marketing and program capture. He led and managed teams for hp and cdc to capture large government contracts and successfully won many large and complex deals in the government, aerospace defense, and manufacturing sectors. Mr. Abdallat received his master' s degree in engineering from the university of missourI and a bs from the university of california at berkeley.
Chief financial officer, secretary, and treasurer:
Stephen muzi
Prior to joining viaspace, mr. MuzI was corporate controller of southwest water company, a nasdaq company with revenues in excess of $100 million. In this position, he was responsible for all sec reporting requirements as well as board of director reporting. He managed their line of credit banking relationships, risk management program, internal audit program, and income tax requirements. He also made presentations to investment brokers and analysts on behalf of the company focusing on outlooks for the future and past financial performance. Prior to southwest water company, mr. MuzI was a senior auditor with bdo seidman, a national cpa firm. Mr. MuzI received his bs degree from rochester institute of technology and an mba from the state university of new york at buffalo. He is a certified public accountant.
Board of directors member
Dr. Sandeep gulati
Dr. Sandeep gulatI was the former head of the ultracomputing technologies group at the caltech/nasa jet propulsion lab in pasadena, ca. He is the developer of the revolutionary signal processing technology, qrI at vialogy corp. Which was incubated by viaspace.
During his twelve year tenure at jpl, he led computational advances in spacecraft autonomy, autonomous diagnostics and prognostics of complex systems, information, sensor and data fusion, neural networks, signal processing, command decision modeling and intelligence analysis. Under his leadership the ultracomputing technologies group focused on cutting - edge research in ultrascale computational technologies, such as quantum computing, biocomputing, and their applications to next generation spacecraft design and operations.
Dr. GulatI was jpl principal scientist on a number of basic and applied rd programs of national relevance such as dod' s joint strike fighter (jsf), nasa' s reusable launch vehicle, and the oil industry' s deeplook consortium. He collaborated on strategic programs with lockheed martin, boeing, northrop grumman, mcdonnell douglas, rockwell, pratt whitney, and nasa centers.
Also, dr. GulatI is a co - founder and chief science officer of vialogy corp., incubated by viaspace, and co - founder of arroyo sciences, now a wholly owned subsidiary within viaspace. At vialogy corp. Dr. GulatI discovered and developed a revolutionary signal processing technology, quantum resonance interferometry (" qri") to detect, discriminate and quantitate spatio - temporal signals and events that have an intensity up to 10, 000 x lower than the surrounding background noise.
Dr. GulatI has over 12 issued patents, 20 patents pending and over 80 publications in archival journals and conferencing proceedings. He has an mba in from pepperdine university (91), b. Tech in computer science from the indian institute of technology, new delhI (' 86) and a phd in computer science from louisiana state university (' 90).
Regarding the appointment, dr. Kukkonen stated," dr. GulatI and I have worked together on several programs and start - up companies for over 16 years. He is a valuable addition to our board of directors. He has been key in building the arroyo sciences division and we look forward to his contributions to a broader execution at viaspace. Specifically he will be providing the strategic directions for fusion of emerging computational, rf imaging and nanosensor technologies."
Viaspace overview
Viaspace was formed in july 1998 with an objective of transforming technologies from caltech/nasa' s jet propulsion laboratory and other advanced technology centers into profitable commercial enterprises through its strong connections with the advanced technology community. Through its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences, ionfinity, and direct methanol fuel cell corporation (dmfcc) - - viaspace has a diversified high tech portfolio that includes microelectronics, sensors, homeland security public safety, energy/- fuel cells, information computational technology, rfid, e - finance, and mobile e - commerce.
Viaspace develops proven space and defense technologies into hardware and software products that fulfill high - growth market needs and solve today' s complex problems.
Viaspace benefits from important licenses and strategic relationships with caltech/nasa' s jet propulsion laboratory and other universities research laboratories. The viaspace team has a proven expertise for the successful commercialization of innovations in information technology, physical science and life sciences developed at academic research institutions and national laboratories.
The company currently focuses on technologies originally developed for nasa and the us department of defense that have already reached a certain stage of maturity. Initial investments in these technologies amount to millions of dollars and many years of rd, enabling viaspace to manage the commercialization process with only a modest additional investment and greatly reduced technical risk.
Viaspace couples exceptional technology sourcing and validation capability with a demand - driven process of market validation. Decisions about technology transfer and product development are based, first and foremost, on market needs. In addition to our internal expertise, viaspace benefits from the domain expertise of leading experts that serve on our scientific and business advisory boards and from an informal global network of researchers, technology analysts, and technology professionals and investors that would be hard to replicate.
In the last six years, viaspace and its subsidiaries have secured more than $30 million in venture financing and strategic investment. Initial investors include hewlett packard, divine interventures, los angeles county community development commission, blueprint ventures, the united company, bioprojects international, forrest binkley brown, american river ventures, and nth power.
Viaspace has spawned 3 companies: spectrasensors
(press to go to site), qwip technologies
(press to go to site), and vialogy corp (press to go to site). These companies, currently at various stages of maturity, are positioned within high growth markets and poised for profitability. Today, viaspace focuses its effort on its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences, ionfinity, and direct methanol fuel cell corporation (dmfcc) - - and on new high technology opportunities. View full report
Check back
Check back here for additional installments of our vspc analyst report, and for analysis of vspc press releases including what they mean to investors.
View full report
View full report
To join market movers mailings press here to find out more.
2400 lincoln ave
Altadena, ca 91001
Safe harbor statement
This information is a paid advertisement. Any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, an endorsement, or inducement to buy or sell securities. Bronks communications, inc. (bci) received compensation for printing and distributing this ad from a third party as an effort to build investor awareness about viaspace inc. (vspc). The compensation is one hundred thousand dollars. This compensation constitutes a conflict of interest as to bci' s ability to remain objective in our communication regarding vspc. BcI owns 1, 000 shares of common stock in vspc. BcI makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity, accuracy, completeness, or correct sequencing of the facts and information presented, nor does it represent or warrant that all material facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above. Factual statements contained in this ad are subject to change without notice. Past performance does not guarantee future results. BcI is not a registered investment advisor, broker or dealer. All statements of opinion, if any, are those of the analysts, who relied on information believed to be reliable, such as vspc' s public filings, business documents, and its web sites. The analysts' reports are for information purposes only. The analysts were contracted by bcI to write their reports and were paid a total of fifteen thousand five hundred dollars. Independent analyst reports in this ad do not constitute an individualized recommendation to you to buy or sell a particular security. Any opinions, estimates, or forecasts about vspc or predicted performance made by the analysts in this ad are theirs alone and do not represent opinions, forecasts or predictions of bci. Interested persons must obtain the analysts' full reports on their own. The analysts' reports do not purport to be complete and are not intended to be used as a primary basis for investment decisions. Investing in vspc should be reviewed as speculative and a high risk and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in vspc. Further specific financial information, filings, and disclosures, as well as general investor information about publicly traded companies are available at the securities and exchange commission website www. Sec. Gov and www. Nasd. Com. The information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934, including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company. In accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act, bcI notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time (ie: words like may, would, will, estimate, anticipate, believe, intend), which include everything other than historical information, involve risks and uncertainties that may affect vspc' s actual results of operations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for vspc' s products, vspc' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term; pricing pressures, technology issues, etc.
Media matrix 7025 county rd., 46 a dte 1071 #349 lake mary, fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
