Subject: get me thru july newsletter
The get me thru newslettervenita king" the get me thru
Coach"
Volume 1 issue
7
July
2005
" igniting the power of
Inspiration..."
Thank you for reading my
Newsletter. You will not be the same, I promise! Sign - up todayit' s free and
Priceless...
Tell a friend aboutthis
Newsletter
Learn more aboutvenita' s
Coaching
Stay up to date with get me thru
News
Venita' s promiseyou have my word, I will not share your contact
Information with anyone. Thank you for allowing me to contact
You! Be my guest and reprint or
Distribute" the get me thru newsletter" as long as
You include thecopyright and web link to www. Getmethru. Com venita king" the get me thru coach" venita@ getmethru. Comcopyright 2005 all rights
Reserved. The get me thru collectionis a registered
Trademark
Cick here to join the get me thru
Newsletter
Now!!
Discover get
Me thru nuggets of wisdomthat
Thousands use daily to increase their success - from the
Author of" the voice of my boundaries"
In this
Issue
The paradox
Of stressthe thing
You need but should not keep...
The coach' s play
Of the month:" motivation
Excites you about someone else' s answers. Inspiration
Ignites your inner strength through questions that lead you
To successful actions and
Self - awareness."
Venita' s commercial moment
Monthly special
The paradox of
Stress
There is a level of genius in every human being
And it is called a' gift'. Stress however plays a huge role in how
We deliver it to the world. The mystery is that stress is a good
Thing when used properly and a bad thing when misused. How can
That be? Consider these get me thru points about
Stress. I learned about them the hard way. You don' t have to make my
Mistakes.
Stress is a process in life and not just a
Thing that happens
Stress literally enters your being daily and
It must also be shown the exit door daily
Stress should be utilized as a tool for
Forward movement in the face of challenge
Stress keeps you alert at the beginning,
Weighs on you midway and brings you down in the end if you keep it
To long
Stress is an excellent motivator but unlike
Motivation, it doesn' t just disappear
A get me thru nugget of wisdom: wherever
You store your stress is where you can expect to experiencethe
Most damage, physically, spiritually or financially... In the end,
Someoneelse most likely will have to inform you about the
Severity of your damage.
A
Get me thru question: do you process your stress daily for
Authentic success or do you store it daily for
Disaster?
So you see the parameters of
Stress will enter the board room or home, it has no preference. -
It' s all about people and not position. However, when ignored stress
Will ultimately determine how far each one of us goes in life -
Guaranteed!
Read what I learned about how to
Process stress and how misusing it nearly cost me my life in chapter
8 of" the voice
Of my boundaries".
The coach' s play of the
Month:" motivation excites
You about someone else' s answers. Inspiration
Ignites your inner
Strength through questions thatlead you to successful actions
And self - awareness."
The get me thru question for this
Month should last you for a lifetime, because stress is a part of
Life forever. Whether you want to be a millionaire or merely
Survive, you too must make a decision about processing stress. Your
Success in life demands it!
Learn from my get me thru nuggets of
Wisdom and then work on your own!
Let me hear from you soon! Sign my
Guestbook
Venita' s commercial
Moment monthly special:
Buy the voice of my
Boundaries in the get me thru signature pocket during
The month of july and receive set of 21 get me thru share
Cards too!
And
Click here to buy
Now
Your response to my new
Get me thru jingle get me thru meditation songhas
Been incredible. Many of you heard them if you attended one of my
March or april inspiring success workshops. Just
Click here to
Listen to an excerptfrom the meditation song. The link takes you
To my website. Click the play button on the media player in
The right column and enjoy!
May the voice of your boundaries guide you always. Many
Blessings! Venita
Cick here to join the get me
Thru newsletter
Now!!
Get me thru, inc. 1019 old monrovia rd. Huntsville, al 35806 this e - mail message is an advertisement and/or solicitation.
- -
No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by avg antI - virus.
Version: 7. 0. 323/virus database: 267. 9. 1/51 - release date: 7/18/2005
