Subject: will this stox rock?
We told you to watch!!!
It' s still not too late!
Trading alert!!!
Timing is everything!!!
Profits of 200 - 400% expected trading
Symbol: cdgt. Ob
Opening price: 3. 15
Yes, it is moving, wednesday could be even bigger!!!
10 day target: $7 - $8
News alert!
* * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * *
Press release source: china digital media corporation
China digital media corporation announces an acquisition of a media and
Advertising agent in china
Hong kong, july 13/xinhua - prnewswire/- - china digital media corporation
(" digimedia") (otc: cdgt. Ob; otc bulletin board: cdgt. Ob) with its subsidiaries
(together the" group") announced today that the group signed a shares
Transfer agreement (the" agreement") to acquire an advertising sales agent,
Guangdong m - rider media company limited (" guangdong m - rider"), a limited
Company registered in guangdong in the peoples republic of china. The
Principal operating activities of guangdong m - rider are in design,
Production and distribution of advertisements through television channels.
Guangdong m - rider is one of the top five reputed advertising agents in the
Guangdong province and is currently a sole advertising distributor for a
Number of television channels in guangdong province and in guangzhou city.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the group will acquire a 100%
Equity interest in guangdong m - rider for a total consideration of rmb
1, 090, 000 in cash and rmb 7, 500, 000 worth of digimedia. S restricted common
Shares. The management of guangdong m - rider in the agreement warrants that
The net operating cash inflow in the first year will not be less than rmb
10, 000, 000.
Cdgt. Ob is expecting to make an acquisition, once this announcement comes out
The street should give applause in the form of upward movement in the stock
Price. The stock could trade around $6 - $8 per share on this type of news.
Get in now!!! You know the old saying, buy on the rumor and sell on the news.
Once the news is out it is time to get ready for next valley.
A $1, 000 dollar investment could yield a $5, 000 dollar profit in
Just one trade if you trade out at the top. Cdgt. Ob should be one of the
Most profitable stocks to trade this year. In this range the stock has
Potential to move in either direction in bigs wings. This means you
Should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come.
You could make $$$thousands of dollars $$$trading.
Cdgt. Ob over and over again.
Cdgt. Ob is also on the reg sho threshold list, this means someone is short the
Stock. Any significant volume spike in chms could yield drastic results.
If the people that are short have to cover, they will be buying the shares
From you at higher prices. This makes this stock a triple play for profits.
For pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over
And over again just based on the trading patterns if the company is
Able to effectuate it' s business model.
Watch out!!!
We could see a great story in the making.
Good luck and trade out at the top!!!!
Disclaimer:
Information within this email contains" forwardlooking statements" within
The meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
The securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve
Discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs,
Plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or
Performance are not statements of historical fact and may be" forward
Looking statements"." forward looking statements" are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
Results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
Of words such as" projects"," foresee"," expects"," will"," anticipates",
" estimates"," believes"," understands" or that by statements indicating
Certain actions" may"," could", or" might" occur. Risk factors include
General economic and business conditions, the ability to acquire and develop
Specific projects, the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
And business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
Little or no control. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent
That the information contained in this message states all material facts or
Does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this email pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and
Not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
And subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
Email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as any
Kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on
The verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this
Stock. We urge you to read the company' s sec filings now, before you invest.
The publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. In compliance with the securitiesact of 1933, section
17 (b), the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
Thousand free trading shares from a third party, not an officer, director or
Affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias. The party
That paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
Notice. This could have a negative impact on the price of the stock, causing
You to lose money. All factual information in this report was gathered from
Public sources, including but not limited to sec filings, company websites
And company press releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes this
Information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
Completeness. Use of the material within this email constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.