Subject: I do not have anything against you
Ourref: cbn/go/0 xol 2/05
Date: 21 st july 2005
Tel: 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915
Email address: mallamyusuf@ centbanks. Org
Dear good friend
After a serious thought, I decided to reach you directly and personally
Because I do not have anything against you, but your nigerian partners.
I am the director of wire transfer/telex department of the central bank of
Nigeria, some time in the past your nigerian partners approached me through a
Friend of mine who works with one of the ministries here and requested that i
Assist them conclude a money transfer deal and we all agreed.
According to them, they wanted to use this strategy to transfer a huge amount
Of us dollars which they accumulated through inflated contract awards and
Themoney has been floating in the (c. B. N) since the original beneficiary has
Been fully paid, so they wanted to use your account to transfer the surplus
Out of nigeria. We agreed that once I do this, they would give me
Us $100, 000. 00 and give me another usl 00, 000. 00 when I released the fund to
Your account. When
They saw that I have done that and your name has been approved among the list
Of those to be paid, instead of giving me the agreed deposit of
Us $100, 000. 00, they started avoiding me and resorted to threats.
I immediately deleted the transfer code of the fund, which is only known to me
Because of my position, and release other contractors fund without yours. They
Became angry the more when they saw that their threat did not work, and
Started bribing other officials to get another approval to transfer the money
To you without success. Approvals are free, is it not funny that a
Beneficiary is being asked to pay for approval while his millions is here with
Us? I am 100% responsible for the delay and obstructions because of their
Breach of contract. If you doubt what I have just told you, pay any amount
They will ask you to pay now, after a short time they will come up with
Another reason to pay again and it goes on and on. Now if you want us to work
Together, these are my conditions.
I. I will have 50% of the money because it is only the two of us left fornow.
Ii. You will assist my son to open an account in your country or any other
Place of my choice where I will pay in my own share.
IiI as you have seen, it will be useless and mere waste of money if you
Continue with any other person, so we will conclude the transaction with
Utmost secrecy with the above telephone and fax number.
If these conditions are acceptable to you, contact me as soon as possible to
Let us finalize so that I will send to you our official ktt wire transfer form
To complete and I will release the money to your account. But if you are not
Interested, I advice you to forget the fund as it will be transferred into our
Consolidated national reserve.
Best regards.
Mallam yusuf
Director, wire transfer/telex dept. (cbn)
Tel: 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915 (personal)
Email address: mallamyusuf@ centbanks. Org