Subject: onseek. Com - site submission incomplete.
The following url was submitted to onseek. Com:
Http:// www. Datapest. Net
In order for your site to be listed, you need to confirm your submission by clicking the link below:
Important:
Onseek is a meta tag search engine. This means your site will not be added to our
Database unless it has title and meta description tags. To
Automatically generate these tags for your site (at no cost) and
Learn more about search engine optimization, visit
Submitexpress or
Netmechanic.
Need more visitors to your website? Check out our featured listings:
For one low, flat fee you get: an attractive ad box
- your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs!
For details, and to order, go to:
Build your traffc with abcsearch! Get $100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors
Get the traffc you want while increasing your roi. Sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $100.
Geo - targeting, full reporting and results at the clck of a button!
Get going at: http:// www. Abcsearch. Com/advertisersplash. Html
Start earning a residualincome with your website!
Internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today! Benefit from the
Popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts
Of money. You can expect to earn 20% to 40% of the profts off each new player. Signup for fre
At: http:// www. Vipprofits. Com
Guaranteed top placement on mamma. Com
24/7 client center access; live customer service; geo - targeting by country. Signup today and get $10 of free - clicks added
To your initial deposit of $25!
Http:// www. Mamma. Com /
Fr - e - e targeted traffc
There' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website, every
Single day, for f - r - e - e! It takes just 5 minutes to set it up, and it' s totally" viral"... Check it out at
Guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines
Submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today! Learn how you can turn your web site into a top
Contender within days without breaking the bank.
Http:// www. Submitplus. Com/spn
User - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days
A key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available. Exactseek' s seo solution gives you
Immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools. Get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today.
Http:// www. Exactseek. Com/seotools. Html
Note: onseek reserves the right to use the contact information
Collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our
Service, to provide fr - ee newsletters (sitepronews or seo - news),
Or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to
Webmasters and site owners. You may remove yourself from those mailings
At anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or
By clicking the link below.
Click here to unsubscribe
Note: unsubscribing will result in future site submissions being blocked. Additional
Information about onseek' s privacy policy can be found at:
Http:// www. Onseek. Com/privacy. Html
Or contact us by mail at: jayde online, inc., suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street, winnipeg, mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3.
Copyright
2003 onseek. Com, all rights reserved
