Subject: organizational changes
To: enron north america corp.
From: cliff baxter and kevin hannon
In july, as part of the enron north america (ena) reorganization, the
Implementation of several objectives were highlighted as critical to the
Continued growth of ena including: 1) accelerate the development of our
People, 2) significantly expand our customer network and associated markets,
And 3) accelerate and enhance the information flow between groups, both
Within ena and across enron. Consistent with these objectives and with the
Corporate goal of fostering 
B) the downstream coverage/origination groups which focus on delivering a
Broad range of products and services to the heavy industrial customers
Including pulp and paper, chemicals, plastics, refined products, metals and
Mining, heavy manufacturing, industrial gases, fertilizers, transportation,
Textiles and glass manufacturing the eastern and western u. S. Midstream
Coverage/origination groups which focus on energy, finance and industries.
Downstream coverage/origination
As energy deregulation continues in north america, it is becoming clear that
The heavy industrial segment will be an important customer market for both
Ena and enron corp. Further, it is clear that ena can significantly expand
Its industrial customer network and create more innovative industrial
Solutions by having a group that can deploy all the capabilities of enron
Corp. Against this backdrop, the downstream coverage/origination function
Will expand its product offering to include not only ena , s existing energy
Commodities, energy services, finance, assets and pulp and paper capabilities
But also ees , s energy outsourcing capability and global fuel , s chemicals,
Plastics and refined products risk management capability. These additional
Capabilities will be offered in conjunction with ees and the global fuels
Groups. Given the size and importance of this enron initiative, greg piper
Will be returning from portland to manage this business. Under greg , s
Leadership, the downstream origination effort will be segmented into three
Sub - groups given the nature of these industries and our product offering:
A) pulp and paper ) edward ondarza will continue to manage the coverage
Activities in the pulp and paper business. This group will be responsible for
The provision of innovative
Products and services in the pulp and paper industry including the provision
Of paper risk management products;
B) chemicals, plastics and refined products ) we have asked jim ajello to
Lead the coverage activities in this business. This group will be
Responsible for the provision of innovative products and services in the
Chemicals and refined products industries;
C) non - integrated industrials ) bruce garner, formerly leader of bankers
Trust , s global metals and mining group in london, has joined ena to lead the
Coverage activities in this business. This group will be responsible for the
Provision of innovative products and services for the metals and mining,
Heavy manufacturing, industrial gases, fertilizers, transportation, textiles
And glass manufacturing industries.
Midstream coverage/origination
A) eastern coverage/origination ) this group , activities will focus on
Energy, finance and power development solutions for electric and gas
Utilities, municipals, co - ops and energy service companies in the eastern
Interconnect. We have asked janet dietrich to assume the leadership of this
Group;
B) western coverage/origination ) this group , s activities will focus on
Energy, finance and power development solutions for electric and gas
Utilities, municipals, co - ops and energy service companies in the wscc. They
Will also continue to manage all qualified facilities (qf) restructuring
Opportunities in the western u. S. We have asked chris calger to assume the
Leadership of this coverage group. Chris will relocate to portland from
Calgary where he currently leads the canadian downstream origination efforts;
C) ipp merchant coverage/origination ) this group , s activities will focus on
The provision of structured energy, finance and asset solutions for the
Emerging merchant power generators who control large portfolio , s of merchant
Power generation either through development or acquisition. We have asked
Mike miller to assume the leadership of this group. In addition, mike will
Continue to manage the power development activities in the eastern
Interconnect;
D) eastern qf restructuring ) this group will focus on the qf restructuring
Opportunities in the eastern interconnect including the existing
Restructuring and re - capitalization of the east coast power assets. We have
Asked dave duran to assume the leadership of this business. Greg blair,
Formerly of enron asia , s development group, doug clifford, formerly of
Citizens power, and dick lydecker, formerly of cogen technology, will join
This newly formed business.
2) commercial transactions:
The commercial transactions group (ctg), co - headed by ray bowen and jeff
Donahue, was formed to provide a centralized resource for the execution of
Transactions within ena ) and thereby, improve ena , s efficiency in executing
Transactions and free - up the origination groups to increase their intensity
Of client coverage. Ctg consists of six primary functions: transaction
Development, capital structuring and portfolio management, commodity
Structuring and transportation, transactional support/accounting, technical
Analysis and upstream asset management.
The transaction development group will be responsible for deal leadership,
Execution and optimization of all aspects of a transaction in conjunction
With the originator. The function will be divided into four teams, each of
Which will be dedicated to between two and four origination groups. This
Dedication to specific groups should provide a closer link, better service
And greater accountability with the origination groups; however, the ctg
Resources are designed to be a fungible and flexible resource allocated to
The highest value transactions across the coverage functions:
A) midstream transaction development will be dedicated to the eastern and
Western coverage/origination groups. The senior members of this group
Include billy lemmons, george mccormick, erin norris and russ porter. Billy
Lemmons joined enron in 1992. Most recently, he was the vice - president of
Capital structuring and risk management for ees. Russ porter joins us today
From dynegy where he was a manager with responsibilities for power
Origination.
B) downstream transaction development will be dedicated to ena , s industrial
Origination efforts in pulp and paper, petrochemicals and refining,
Environmental energy, metals and mining and other industries as coverage is
Established. The senior members of this team include rodney malcolm, jay
Boudreaux, finley biggerstaff and chris helfrich. We anticipate announcing
Two to four more additions to this team within the next few weeks.
C) generation transaction development will be dedicated to the ipp merchant
Services and power plant development and qf restructuring groups. The senior
Members of this team include thomas suffield, andy kelemen, kelly mahmoud and
John house. Thomas suffield joined enron in 1996. Most recently, he was the
Vice - president of origination for the latin american group in azurix. We
Anticipate announcing two more additions to this team within the next few
Weeks.
D) upstream transaction development will be dedicated to the producer
Finance, coal and gas assets groups. The senior members of this team include
Brad dunn, john curtin and chris hilgert. We hope to announce the addition
Of at least one vp to this group prior to yearend.
Ray bowen will have primary oversight responsibilities for the upstream and
Downstream transaction development teams with jeff donahue having primary
Responsibilities for the midstream and generation teams. Andrea reed will
Continue to head capital structuring and portfolio management: all junior
Commercial resources within the transaction development teams will have dual
Responsibilities to both their transaction development teams and to the
Capital structuring group. The remaining four groups within ctg will remain
Largely unchanged. In addition, the origination and the transaction
Development teams and their respective origination groups will be located
Together.
We believe that these changes will significantly enhance our market coverage
And industry knowledge in all ena , s markets particularly in the industrial
Markets. It will also provide a closer partnership and accountability between
The coverage/origination groups and the ctg groups.
Please help us in continuing to build on the success we have enjoyed in north
America by working with us to implement these changes.