Subject: performance management process
As our existing businesses grow and new businesses are created, ease of
Movement and development of our top talent becomes essential to our success.
As you heard at the management conference all officers will be titled,
Reviewed, promoted, and compensated according to a more standard set of
Guidelines. The process recognizes the intrinsic value of each officer,
Rather than tying that individual to the value of their specific job or
Reporting relationship.
Officer titling has been standardized throughout enron. There are four
Levels of officers: members of the enron office of the chairman make up level
4. Level 3 includes all other members of the enron executive committee.
Level 2 is made up of managing directors, including company presidents and
Some senior vice presidents. Level 1 are vice presidents and some senior
Vice presidents with grandfathered titles.
This year a common evaluation process is being implemented for level 1 and
Level 2 officers. Officers will be evaluated by a committee, through a
Process referred to as the performance review committee (prc), utilizing a
Standard set of performance criteria and performance ratings. Performance
Committee reviews will occur twice a year ) in july for feedback purposes and
At year - end for feedback as well as bonus and total compensation
Considerations. The executive committee will handle the prc for all level 2
Officers. Review of level 1 officers will occur at the business - unit level
First with the results  & cross calibrated  8 by the executive committee and a
Group of approximately sixteen managing directors.
The goals of the prc process is to insure a consistent standard for our
Overall pool of executive talent and to provide a tool to more effectively
Utilize talent throughout the organization. To further promote consistency
The executive committee will consider all promotions in january of each
Year. Exceptions, internally or externally, will be infrequent.
The individual , s performance evaluation will be the starting point for all
Compensation decisions. Compensation includes base pay, bonus and long - term
Awards. A long - term program that replaces individual or business unit plans
Has been approved and will be communicated to individuals before bonus
Payments are made.
In addition to the level 1 and level 2 reviews, business unit, global and
Corporate cross - functional prc reviews for directors, senior directors and
General managers have started. This year - end process will be utilized as a
Benchmark to determine how we further refine the evaluation process at this
Level in the future.
If you should have any questions about the process, please direct them to
Your human resources business unit leads per the following:
Mary ann long (gpg) x 36810 david oxley (ena/eel/global trading) x 33557
Ray bennett (ees) x 37039 robert jones (global technology/global
Finance/global
Gwen petteway (corp) x 37351 asset operations/global engineering &
Construction) x 35810
Janie bonnard (caribbean/middle east/scott gilchrist (asia
Pacific/africa/china) x 67081
Lng) x 68202 gerry chatham (egep) x 35141
Miguel padron (esa) x 66552 marla barnard (eci) x 58158
Ranen sengupta (india) x 67967
Cc: enron executive committee members
28599