Subject: re: rotation information
Martin, I am working right here with jim irvine and discussed your rotation.
You will report to me, with' client' reporting role to jim where you will do
Most of the work. You will remain in houston working on the 19 th floor for
Now until we find you a place on either 44 th or 45 th. Jim irvine will be
Asking john griebling for network planning office space in houston. You will
Get an office in that area. Jim will work from portland but will hold an
Office in houston. Until the office space on ebs floors happens, you need to
Remain on the 19 th. We will allocate you to jim' s & john griebling' s group
Full time. You will have ebs computers, cell phone, etc. To be fully
Connected on the ebs side. You will work initially on the trffic engineering
Side to support day - to - day fire - fighting like analysis. I will supervise you
With repect to guidance on what to do etc... Jim will direct what will get
Done. Both jim and I will support traffic engineering work but jim is
Ultimately responsible for deliverables.
Our technical operational research specialists (samer, chonawee, and two
Others from stanford & mit) will focus on next generation algorithms for ebs.
Such an algorithm is currently being specified. This will depend on how the
Trading market will develop. We know that existing off - shelf codes won' t be
Sufficient. The development period for these algorithms will anywhere from 3
Months to 9 months depending on the complexity. This is in - line with when ebs
Anticipates trade volumes to really pickup. I hope this helps.
Regards,
Ravi.
Martin. Lin@ enron. Com
02/23/00 02: 06 pm
To: ravI thuraisingham/enron communications@ enron communications
Cc:
Subject: rotation information
Ravi,
The associate program has a procedure that requires information on new
Rotations. I just wanted to clarify some details of my rotation to ebs, esp
Given the retained ties to research. Will jim irvine be my supervisor with
Ebs
Being the company billed for my time? That is, will my connection to research
Be informal and understood, rather than having some actual reporting function?
This is with respect to the a/a pool.
Thanks,
Martin