Subject: job application
Dear dr. Kaminski,
I currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics
Department at the university of texas at austin (with a ph. D.
In theoretical physics). Although my position here is renewable
Until summer 2001, I would like to move on to a more dynamic field
Where I can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge.
Since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given
By dr. Marc potters last summer I started studying the subject on my
Own and found it intriguing and challenging.
I am interested in a position in your group (rac) at enron.
Last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are
Interested can send you their resume. If this is still relevant, please
Find below my resume (in word 97 and text formats).
Thank you for your time.
Yours,
Nurit krausz
Nurit krausz, ph. D. Http:// www. Ma. Utexas. Edu/users/nurit /
Dept. Of mathematics phone: (512) 471 - 7170
University of texas at austin office: rlm 11. 170 hours: mwf 8: 30 - 10
Resume
Nurit krausz
University of texas
Department of mathematics
Austin, tx 78712
Phone: (512) 471 - 7170
E - mail: nurit@ math. Utexas. Edu
Http:// rene. Ma. Utexas. Edu/users/nurit /
Objective
A position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad
Mathematical knowledge, innovative thinking and creativity.
Summary of qualifications
With extensive academic background and research experience,
Combined with experience as an engineer in the israelI air force,
I possess the following:
* deep mathematical and scientific knowledge.
* strong analytical and problem - solving skills.
* proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects.
* ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects.
* ability to work productively both independently and in teams.
Academic positions
1998 - present: post - doctorate position at the university of texas
At austin, department of mathematics.
Education
1994 - 1998: d. Sc. In physics at the technion - israel inst. Of tech.
Research thesis: quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds.
Supervisor: prof. M. Marinov.
1992 - 1994: m. Sc. In physics at the technion - israel inst. Of tech.
Research thesis: a study of scintillation in doped silica glass
For detection of neutrino oscillation.
Supervisor: prof. J. Goldberg.
The experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993.
* performed the design, testing, and installation of the experimental
Setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated
Electronics.
* performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of
Results using software developed at cern (paw).
* solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an
Unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern, and
Delivered a computer code ready for implementation, still in use
Today.
1985 - 1989: b. Sc. In aeronautical engineering cum laude at the
Technion - israel institute of technology.
Military service
1989 - 1992: aeronautic design engineer in the israelI air force.
Rank: first lieutenant.
* designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of
Electronic equipment and changes in combat planes.
* wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit
And avionics bay - mounted equipment.
* negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors.
* attended project management, engineering and product reliability
And maintenance courses.
* programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving
Aircrafts.
Teaching experience:
1998 - present: lecturer at the university of texas
Undergraduate courses: precalculus, calculus, linear algebra
Graduate course: theory of lie groups
1992 - 1997 physics department, technion, teaching assistant
Undergraduate course: elementary lab in mechanics
Graduate courses: group theory for physics,
Introduction to particle physics, relativistic quantum mechanics.
Computer knowledge:
Unix and windows os, most common word processors, excel,
Maple, mathematica, fortran, html, latex.
Publications:
1. J. Goldberg and n. Krausz, response of cerium - doped silica glass
In a beam at cern, proceedings of the scifI conference, notre dame
University, notre dame, indiana (1993).
2. N. Krausz and m. S. Marinov, quantal dynamics on non - compact
Groups, proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium,
World scientific (1998), 398.
3. N. Krausz and m. S. Marinov, exact evolution operator on
Non - compact group manifolds, quant - ph/9709050,
Submitted to j. Of math. Phys.
4. N. Krausz, spherical averages in minkowskI space, in preparation.
5. N. Krausz, quantum field theory in minkowskI space, in preparation.
- resume. Doc