Subject: re: network planning
Stinson, I had a discussion with jim and he said that the company' s name is
Mill three. They provide modeling tools for tiered qos and the like for
Network planning. He said that the code is written in c and that we should
Be able to work with it. He will get us the contact name and we can get a
Presentation for us. Jim said that he arranged for this before he met me and
Learned of our (ebs research) role in this matter. I made it clear to jim
That john griebling had asked us to set up this group to do modeling and that
We are in the process of arranging for 4 or modeling experts to reside in
Houston. From now on jim and I will work hand and hand on such issues along
With you to make sure that we initiate development efforts as soon as
Possible to utilize krishna, samer and co. Asap...
I' ll take care of arranging a meeting with these consultatants asap.
My involvement in hamachI is through jim irvine. Jim and I are working very
Well together due to our engineering background. Jim has been a network
(communications) engineer in the army for about 20 years. For hamachi, there
Were gap analysis that needed to be done w. R. T. Network reach and when and
Where the network will be available (ebs' and hamachi' s). Additionally, we
Would look at when tom gros wanted pooling points up and running, we would
Then look at hamachi' s pooling point sites and come up with requests to
Change dates or third party involvements.
For the most part, our efforts has been to interview hamachI network
Developers about their plans and put the data together in a manner that we
Can summarize for john. Additionally, we' ve had two meetings with sycamore
(they have offices in denver) on their products and brett gave a presentation
On his effort to jim, etc.... More details later when we meet.
Ravi.
Stinson gibner@ ect
03/02/00 08: 52 am
To: ravI thuraisingham/enron communications@ enron communications@ enron
Cc:
Subject: network planning
Ravi:
I was told by john bloomer that there is a group of consultants in the
Portland office from a company called (I think) m 3 i. They are doing
Network consumption and operations modelling. Jim irvine or shawna meyer
Were given as enron contacts on this project. We need to find out what
Exactly this group is doing and see if we should get samer and either you or
Me to go, find out the details, and get a brain dump of what they have
Accomplished to see if it can be used in our modelling efforts.
Can you find out what jim knows about this project and get back to me?
Thanks,
- - stinson
Ps how is hamachI going, and what has been your role there?