Subject: global technology organization changes
As the global technology group moves forward in accomplishing its goals of
Developing worldwide technology standards, ecommerce opportunities and global
Platforms, we continue to make changes in the organization to enhance
Communication and maximize our intellectual capital. With that in mind, we
Are pleased to announce the following organization changes within global
Technology:
Jay fitzgerald, md ecommerce, will be moving to enron north america and will
Have responsibility for all of ena , s ecommerce initiatives. Although this
Will be a big loss for global technology, jay will provide immediate benefits
To the explosion of ebusiness opportunities that are developing in the ena
Lines of business. Jay will report to greg whalley.
Steve horn, vp investments, will be moving into global technology to head the
Ecommerce ventures group responsible for ecommerce merchant investing. The
Scope of this new group will include investing in the following areas:
Strategic sourcing/procurement/demand aggregation/asset disposition businesses
Ecommerce enabling technologies
Global ecommerce opportunities outside of ebs/ena/ee. Ebs, ee and ena will
Be evaluating and making equity investments within their specific business
Units.
Examining houston technology business opportunities not directly related to
Enron , s business.
Steve will report directly to me in his new role.
Jenny rub has accepted the newly formed position of vp of infrastructure for
Enron corp. Her responsibilities include managing all it infrastructure
Support activities. Jenny will report to philippe bibi. Jenny is currently
Vp and cio for the gas pipeline group and she will be transitioning out of
That role as she completes several important initiatives.
Beth perlman has recently relocated to the united states as vp of ena , s
Application development, rac and treasury applications. She was previously
Heading up application development for enron europe. She will report to
Philippe bibi.
Dan bruce, vp, is responsible for it support in the international regions,
Ee & cc and asset operations. He will report to philippe bibi.
John pavetto, vp, will be responsible for all ecommerce initiatives outside
Of enrononline. John will report to philippe bibi.
Jay webb, sr. Director, will continue to lead the enron online team reporting
To philippe bibi.
Arshak sarkissian, sr. Director, has accepted a position with ebs , s strategic
Development group and will be transitioning his responsibilities over the
Course of the next few weeks. He will report to scott yeager.
Please join me in congratulating everyone on their new positions.