Subject: re: a visit
Dear mr. Fujita:
Thank you for you interest in enron. I shall be honored if you visit enron
And I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting.
Please, call my assistant, shirley crenshaw (713 853 5290) to discuss the
Exact time of your visit. She will be trying to reach you from our end.
The copy right for the book belongs to the risk magazine. I shall give you
The contact at the company
With whom you can discuss the japanese version issues.
Sincerely,
Vince kaminski
MasayukI fujita on 03/31/2000 08: 36: 00 am
To: vkamins@ enron. Com
Cc: eugenio perez
Subject: a visit
Professor vincent kaminski
Vice president of research
Enron corp.
Dear professor kaminski
I, masayukI fujita was the only japanese attendee of the energy
Derivatives seminar
In houston last december and a member of japanese consultation firm:
MitsubishI research
Institute, inc. I would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18
April after
Attending energy trading summit in 12 th - 14 th. As you know, japanese
Electricity trading is
On the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of
The nine major
Companies' regional monopoly. We are giving a hand to help the ministry and
Industry to
Find the right course of them. I and my colleague yamada, who will attend risk
Publications monte calro seminar in four seasons hotel, would like to visit
You and your
Company for studying the sophisticated risk management at enron. In return,
We may give
You the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity
Companies
Response in japan.
We are now personally translating your book" managing energy price risk"
Second
Edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in japanese
And nay give
Us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk
In the
Japanese energy industry.
I do not hope japanese english power prevent me to pass my sincerity to
You and I can
Visit you soon.
Best regards,
MasayukI fujita
Principal financial engineer
Financial technologies section
MitsubishI research institute, inc.
3 - 6 otemachI 2 - chome, chiyoda - ku
Tokyo 100 - 8141
Japan
Tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582
Fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521