Subject: cme and catex
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic/hou/ect on 04/05/2000
04: 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lucy ortiz
04/05/2000 04: 02 pm
To: joseph hrgovcic/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: cme and catex
Spotlight report
Exchange products seeing slow trading
Gavin souter
03/20/2000
Business insurance
Page 3
Copyright (c) 2000 crain communications, inc. All rights
Reserved.
Exchange - based insurance products developed in recent years have
Been somewhat slow to get off the ground.
Although several exchanges have offered derivative contracts since
The mid - 1990 s to cover insurance risks, none so far has posted a
Significant volume of trades.
Few insurers, reinsurers or policyholders have been drawn away
From the traditional insurance markets, where capacity remains
Abundant and relatively cheap.
As long as those traditional markets manage to weather major
Natural catastrophes, the allure of the exchange - based products will
Remain limited, observers say.
Also stifling the growth of the exchange - based contracts is the
Limited number of contracts available, one expert noted. Dealers, he
Said, are unable to secure a suitable hedge by laying off one
Contract against another.
Although the various exchanges have had a good opportunity to
Establish a widely used set of new risk financing products, that has
Not been achieved, said morton lane, senior managing director,
Capital markets division at gerling global financial products in
New york.
The main problem with the existing exchanges is that they do not
Offer a sufficiently diverse array of products, he said. The only way
To control the risks in the catastrophe options is to have a diversified
Portfolio of other contracts, and none of the exchanges currently
Offers a sufficiently broad range of options to provide for that
Hedge, he said.
Florida windstorm options, for example, cannot be bought and then
Hedged in the same way that international business machines corp.
Stock options contracts can be hedged with ibm stock, mr. Lane
Explained.
The exchanges might be more attractive to investors if, in addition to
Natural catastrophe options, they included options on other risks, he
Said. Those might include, for example, satellite, aviation and crop
Indexes, mr. Lane said." for the insurance buyer, such exchange
Instruments would not represent the perfect risk transfer vehicle, but
As long as they are quantifiable and indexable, they may represent a
Good surrogate," he said.
The exchanges could also be used to create a derivatives market for
Over - the - counter securitized deals, if there are regular issuers of
Catastrophe bonds, mr. Lane said.
The soft insurance market has also hindered the growth of
Exchange - based insurance products, said sean f. Mooney, senior
Vp and chief economist at guy carpenter & co., the reinsurance
Brokerage unit of marsh inc. In new york.
" the traditional market has been so competitive that people are not
Looking for other ways of doing business," he said.
At least in concept, the exchange - based deals are generally similar
To the mortgage - backed securities that have been a huge success
Since they were introduced in the 1970 s." there is a belief that
Alternative means of transferring risks will grow, but it is difficult to
Predict when," mr. Mooney said.
Currently, the trading that is taking place typically involves
Established insurers and reinsurers, so the exchanges have not
Brought substantial new capacity to the marketplace, he said.
Guy carpenter provided the index for the bermuda commodities
Exchange reinsurance products. The bce did not take off,
However, and was suspended last year after two years of little
Activity.
The oldest of the insurance - related, exchange - based derivative
Products are the catastrophe options traded on the chicago board
Of trade, which began trading the options in 1996.
Initially, there was substantial interest in the options, but the soft
Traditional market has hampered use of the contracts to hedge
Catastrophe exposures, said carlton purty, an independent broker
At the cbot who trades in options.
No catastrophe option trades have been completed at the cbot
So far this year, he said. Last year, there was increased interest in
The contracts because of hurricane floyd, but few contracts were
Traded, mr. Purty said.
" I think a major, major catastrophe will have to happen before they
Really take off," he said.
The contracts offer real protection, and options dealers are keen to
Trade in a new niche, but the conventional insurance and reinsurance
Markets are so soft that few companies are turning to alternative
Coverage options, mr. Purty said.
The catastrophe risk exchange, located in princeton, n. J., has
Radically changed its structure since it was originally announced in
Mid - 1996, and it is well positioned to expand, said frank sweeney,
Chief operating officer.
Catex initially planned to be a computer - based facility for
Reinsurers that would enable them to exchange catastrophe risks
And to build balanced portfolios.
But by the time the exchange was operational in november 1996, it
Was clear that most reinsurers and insurers interested in catex
Wanted only to buy and sell conventional reinsurance, mr. Sweeney
Said.
Although there was some interest in risk swapping, only a handful of
Risks were posted on the system, and none was traded, mr.
Sweeney said.
Consequently, catex has become chiefly a" cash for cover"
Exchange, he said, noting that the risks reinsured on the exchange
Include property catastrophe coverage, aviation and liability
Coverages. Catex also trades industry loss warranties, where
Coverage is triggered by an actual loss combined with an industry
Loss over an agreed threshold.
Other adjustments to the exchange included making it accessible
Through the internet in november 1998. And late last year, catex
Offered users the ability to set up smaller networks, allowing them
Form groups whose members do business only with one another.
Since its inception, catex has completed about 450 trades,
Totaling $400 million in premium and more than $3 billion in limits,
He said. Catex' s roughly 160 subscribers include reinsurers,
Insurers and corporate entities that purchase coverage through their
Captives, mr. Sweeney said.
" we obviously have a long way to go, but we are pretty satisfied
With what we have achieved so far," mr. Sweeney said.
The exchange sees increased activity after major losses, as cedents
Seek to buy replacement coverage to offset depletions in their
Existing cover, he said. For example, mr. Sweeney said, there was
A flurry of activity after the european windstorms in december last
Year.
Last september, the chicago mercantile exchange entered the field
Of insurance - related derivatives when it began offering weather
Derivatives.
Thus far, 420 futures contracts have been traded, said larry
Grannan, senior director in product marketing at the cme.
Such contracts are designed to allow businesses to hedge against
Weather - related losses. For example, a utility may sell less power in
A mild winter, and it would be able to use the futures to hedge a
Resultant fall in revenues.
The exchange first offered heat - based indexes for atlanta, chicago,
CincinnatI and new york. In january, it added philadelphia, dallas,
Des moines, las vegas, tucson and portland, and it began offering
Contracts based on cold weather.
Currently, most of the trades are between securities dealers
Themselves, but, eventually, the contracts will likely be used more
Extensively by utilities and insurers, mr. Grannan said.
In addition, the futures contracts could be used as hedges for
Over - the - counter securitized deals, he said.
Copyright, 2000 dow jones & company, inc. All rights reserved.