Subject: re: resco database and customer capture
Steve,
It makes sense to meet with abacus. Retail marketing is very data intensive.
If you set up a meeting with them,
Please, let me know.
Vince
Steven r meyers@ ees
04/11/2000 08: 17 am
To: timothy edward vail/hou/ees@ ees
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: resco database and customer capture
Tim,
I hope things are going well in resco. I think somebody from resco (or
Research) may be interested in the email I received below from brad davids.
Brad is now working at abacus who works with residential customer patterns as
Well as predictive modelling. He' s going to be here the 25 and 26 of this
Month. I' m not sure who is responsible for resco marketing, but I think they
Would find this interesting. Who should I send this to? Please let me know
If anybody in resco may have any interest.
Thanks,
Steve
Ps: vince, simply an fyI since they do focus on modelling and research.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven r meyers/hou/ees on 04/11/2000
08: 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Bradley davids on 04/10/2000 08: 35: 32 pm
To:"' steven. R. Meyers@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: re: possible meeting?
Steve:
I' ll see if I can get in on the 25 th... Will let you know, but I think
It' ll work.
Just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be
Interested, abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying
Behavior in the world (89 million us households, 3 billion + purchases),
Along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer
Response to various offers at the household level. Given the critical need
To reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets, we believe
That our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct
Marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to
Whatever the offer is - - improving the efficiency of mailings and other
Promotional campaigns (so there is an efficiency angle, see!)
Because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on
Actual purchases, our results tend to be significantly more predictive than
Demographic - based models. So far, the the response from utilities and" new
Entrants" i' ve been talking to so far has been quite positive, and we have
Some tests of our data underway, but we' re interested in talking to as many
Players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet
Utility needs.
I can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested, but
I guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to
Arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25 th of april with whoever at enron
Might have interest in hearing what we' re up to, and (most importantly)
Listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets.
Thanks very much for any help... I look forward to catching up and
Hearing how things are going for you.
Regards,
Brad davids
303 - 410 - 5531
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: steven. R. Meyers@ enron. Com [mailto: steven. R. Meyers@ enron. Com]
Sent: monday, april 10, 2000 12: 13 pm
To: brad. Davids@ abacus - direct. Com
Subject: re: possible meeting?
It' d be great to meet on the 25 th in the afternoon. I have a flight in the
Evening. I' m interested in hearing about life at abacus. I too have heard
That enron is getting back into the residential market. What type of
Database do you have? I might be able to find somebody for you to talk
With here.
- steve
Bradley davids on 04/10/2000 12: 04: 00 pm
To:" steve meyers (e - mail)"
Cc:
Subject: possible meeting?
Steve:
Sorry we' ve been unable to hook up... I can probably get down there on
The 25 th, if you' re going to be in town that afternoon? Would love to catch
Up - - both on how things are going with ees and tell you about my new life.
Also, i' m hearing rumors that enron is about to get back into the
Residential market in a big way - - you know anything about that? Anybody i
Should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior?
Thanks - - looking forward to connecting... I' ll be travelling most of this
Week, but you can leave a vm and let me know when I can call you, or try me
On the cell at 303 - 886 - 3458.
Best,
Brad davids
Bradley j. Davids
Associate vice president, utilities
Abacus direct, a division of doubleclick, inc.
11101 west 120 th avenue
Broomfield, co 80021 usa
E - mail brad. Davids@ abacus - direct. Com
Tel 303. 410. 5531
Fax 303. 410. 5300
Www. Doubleclick. Net
Www. Abacus - direct. Com
(see attached file: c. Dtf)