Subject: ebs goes live!... 15, 000 will be impacted on 7/1/00
Enron broadband services is the latest addition to the enron sap rollout.
The apollo and beyond project team and enron' s business units are currently
Preparing for the project' s final implementation. Apollo and beyond is an
Enron initiative tasked with laying a common financial, human resources,
Project management, and procurement foundation throughout the majority of
Enron' s businesses.
Ebs" go - live"
On april lst, enron broadband services supplemented their current sap
Functionality with hr online and sap hr, including payroll and organizational
Structure management. Hr online enables the ebs population to enter their
Own time, view and update their personal information, and view their vacation
Time and individual payroll information via enron' s intranet.
Additionally, this implementation enhanced the sap financial, project and
Procurement processes that ebs has had in operation since april 1, 1999.
These enhancements included an ebs pilot of b 2 b, a web - based requisitioning
Tool. Among the benefits of these enhancements will be improved information
Flow across business units currently on sap.
July 1" go - live"
This final apollo and beyond implementation will directly impact more than
15, 000 enron employees and contractors - - odds are that you are one of them!
People impacted on july lst include:
All enron employees paid out of corporate payroll in houston, excluding
Azurix employees
The financial communities of enron energy services, enron investment
Partners, enron north america, enron renewable energy corporation, gas
Pipeline group, global finance, and global products.
The project management communities of enron north america, gas pipeline
Group, global asset operations, global finance, and global products.
The human resources communities of corporate, global e & p, enron energy
Services, enron engineering and construction company, enron investment
Partners, enron north america, enron renewable energy corporation (houston
Only), the international regions, gas pipeline group, global finance, and
Global products.
General sap training will be available in late april via the enron intranet.
Additional, specific, sap classes and workshops are scheduled to begin in may
And continue through august. Information on the project can be obtained
Through the enron intranet at http:// sap. Enron. Com and by contacting business
Unit representatives currently working with the project. A list of business
Unit representatives is located on the intranet site.
Additional information related to the july lst implementation will be
Communicated to you over the next few months.
Thank you.
Melissa becker
Project leader, apollo and beyond