Subject: re: thomas knudsen
Steve,
I shall talk to anjam about it. Our impression here in houston is that thomas
Is quite qualified
And we are very interested in him. A few days will not make much difference
In the hiring process.
Vince
Steven leppard
04/17/2000 03: 50 am
To: dale surbey/lon/ect@ ect, vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: thomas knudsen
Dale, vince
As you all know I have attempted to get thomas knudsen interviewed as a
Result of prof lane hughston' s recommendation (lane is an acquaintance of
Vince and me, and is a very senior figure in the world of quant finance).
Anjam vetoed the idea of interviewing thomas since he was" too old and too
Experienced". Since I felt that thomas has some merit, I asked houston to
Have an informal chat with thomas. Houston wish to pursue the interview
Process further, and anjam has set about setting up the interviews. I' m
Somewhat concerned about the way in which anjam is going about this, since it
Seems he' s trying to put up barriers to these interviews.
I received a concerned email from thomas knudsen this morning in which he
Recounts some strange conversations with anjam. He says he received a call
From anjam on thursday (13 th april) evening (outside office hours), asking
How he got his cv into enron (i' d shown anjam the email and cv back in early
February), and how anjam could contact him (despite the fact he was
Contacting him at that moment).
Anjam then called thomas on his work number (bad form) on friday 14 th asking
Thomas to come in for interviews on monday (one working day' s notice).
Thomas told anjam he was going on holiday on wednesday of this week, and that
He' d have to see if he could make time given the need to tidy up some things
At work. He said he' d contact anjam on monday (today) to confirm his
Availability.
Today (17 th april) thomas called anjam to say he couldn' t make it, and that
He wouldn' t be able to make it for two weeks (not so serious, he thought,
Given that we' re losing time to easter anyway). Anjam told thomas that the
Position might be filled in two weeks' time.
Thomas is concerned about missing the boat, and I for one didn' t even realise
It was leaving so soon!
Can anyone shed any light on this?
Steve