Subject: re: summer
Van,
Thanks for your message. We are taking a number of interns this summer, but
The a & a
Program has closed the books for this year. We were able to reopen the list
To add one candidate a few weeks ago, but cannot do it again. We promised it
Would be the last addition.
Vince
Van ngo on 04/23/2000 11: 42: 54 am
To: vince kaminski
Cc:
Subject: summer
Dear vince,
I' m writing to let you know that I have been in touch with christy young from
The a & a program and will be finding out my assignment for this summer soon.?
I am very excited to be back at enron, and I hope to see the research team
Again.
I' d also like to inquire about summer positions within research.? Will the
Research group be taking on another intern this summer?? Since I know there
Is no busier place at enron than the research group, if there is a position
Available for this summer that you are looking to fill or that may be open
For consideration, I would love to connect you to another rice student.
Please let me know if the group is considering receiving a new intern this
Summer.? If so, I would be thrilled to put you in touch with brad aimone, a
Senior chemical engineering student here at rice who will be graduating with
Both his b. S. And his masters in chemical engineering next may.? Brad has
Gained extensive laboratory research experience over the past two years.? His
Academic focus gives him a strong mathematical, quantitative background and
Excellent computer skills.? I believe his skills are transferable and
Relevant to the group, and he is a deeply dedicated individual.? If the
Research group is looking for a summer intern, I hope it will continue
Enron' s strong support and recruit of rice university students.
Please feel free to contact brad directly to pursue this discussion. (as i
Realize the summer months are not far off, if it is easier, an arrangement
Through prostaff may be made similar to my work extension at the end of last
Summer).? I have attached a copy of his resume for your review.? Brad will be
In houston this summer.? His contact information is given below.
James bradley (brad) aimone
6320 main, houston, tx? 77005
713 - 630 - 8035
Imaknee@ rice. Edu
?
Also, please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.? I sincerely
Hope that you will have the opportunity to discover the contributions brad
Can make to the research group.? I certainly know that he would gain
Tremendously from the experience as I did last summer.
Thank you very much for your consideration.
Sincerely,
Van
Ph: 713 - 630 - 8038
- brad _ resume. Doc