Subject: publishable research......
Vince:
The enclosed is from another of the people in the audience of my kao
Presentation. I talked to him, and he seemed slightly flaky. However, any
Research he does would be free. He' s looking for direction. I doubt we
Would want to waste our time and effort on him, but I thought I should send
This to you on the off chance that you might have a need for such a guy.
(maybe doing some research for trish?)
Grant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson/hou/ect on 04/25/2000 05: 54
Pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Steve j on 04/22/2000 10: 02: 11 pm
To: grant masson
Cc:
Subject: publishable research......
HI grant,
Thanks for writing. I have attached my resume and
Transcripts for your perusal.
As you can see, my background is not finance. I became
Interested in finance via trading the markets. So my
Research interests initially revolved around the central
Concept of trading.... Pricing, technical type thinking,
Insider transactions, volume, and such. But with exposure,
My interests have grown and I have discovered that I really
Enjoy economics. Also there are many issues in finance
That sound interesting as I am exposed to them. The point
Is, I am too early in my career to set strict limits on my
Interests.
My goals are to get introduced to research and to new
Ideas, to associate with good people, and to work on
Strengthening my weaknesses. I am interested in starting
To build a network within the field of finance and
Especially quantitative finance. Ultimately, I have to
Prepare myself for independent research in order to succeed
In my field.
This brings me to my final point. Publications are
Important for me. Thus I would want to work on topics that
Enron would be willing to publish. I would be willing to
Work on proprietary models, as long as there was a portion
Of the research that could be written up for publication
Without jeapordizing the proprietary aspects of the model.
Just to let you know. I was not in dr. Kao' s energy class.
I took his stochastic processes class. Dr. Kao just
Mentioned your talk to me as he thought I might be
Interested in meeting you and learning more about what is
Being done at enron.
Thanks again. If you need any more info or want anything
Clarified, just write me.
Steve
- - - grant masson wrote:
>
>
> steve:
>
> send me your resume and research interests, and I will
> circulate them.
>
> regards,
> grant.
>
>
>
= = = = =
I believe in a free internet!!! More importantly, I believe in a safe,
Secure and private internet!!
Do you yahoo!?
Send online invitations with yahoo! Invites.
Http:// invites. Yahoo. Com
- r _ t 2. 1. Doc