Subject: re:
Dear navroz
Thanks for getting back to me. The reason there has been a dialogue (not, i
Should point out, with nick, but with shan millie), is that my work is of
Quite a large size, and needs to find an appropriate home. The question is
Should it go into a compilation book, or somehow be published in the
Magazine? I was awaiting some feedback from risk on the best course of
Action.
We were hoping to publish a cut down version in the magazine, and a full
Version in risk' s upcoming" game choices" book, but i' ve heard nothing from
Your organisation until now (and I fear we' ve now missed the boat on the game
Choices book deadline). I' m attaching the full internal enron document for
Your reference, and i' d appreciate your thoughts on how best to put the
Article in your journal. Since the subject is highly diagrammatic, i' m
Concerned that 4000 words may be too many when coupled with diagrams! (it is
Currently only 6000 words, but is around 25 a 4 pages long.) if you can give
Me some guidance on the issue of publishing extensive diagrams as part of the
Text, i' ll get to work chopping my work around until it suits your preferred
Format.
Shan millie gave me some good feedback on general points of style and clarity
In my writing, but incorporating these would actually make the article longer
Rather than shorter. I think you' d better look the document over before I do
Further work on it.
I look forward to your response.
Many thanks,
Steve leppard
Enron capital & trade resources corp.
From:" navroz patel"
04/28/2000 03: 25 pm
Please respond to" navroz patel"
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Dear steven,
My name is navroz patel and I am the technical assistant at risk magazine. I
Am contacting you with regards to your initial dialogue with nick dunbar.
We would be grateful if you could email to both of the addresses below a
Copy of your' real options' article for our consideration.
Please note that articles must have full references, be approximately 4000
Words in length, and the attachment should be in ms word or pdf format.
Npatel@ risk. Co. Uk
Ndunbar@ risk. Co. Uk
?
Thank you for your interest.
Yours sincerely,
Navroz patel.
Technical assistant, risk magazine.