Subject: re: real options
Vince,
If you take a cab, ask them to take you to the college of business
Building at the corner of 21 st and speedway. The main entrance to the
Business school is on speedway, across from the old gymnasium. Come in the
Main entrance, which has a large, glass structure, and you will be on the
Second floor. Go to your left and ride up the first set of escalators to
The third floor. When you step off of the escalators, you' ll be facing
North and continue in that direction through two sets of glass doors into
The northern side of the building. This is where most faculty offices are
Found. My office is 3. 218, which is in the northwest corner of the
Building.
If you have any problems, you should be able to ask directions from
Most anyone in the halls. I will look for you around 11: 00 on thursday, and
Will be happy to provide any other transportation that you need. Please let
Me know if you have any other questions.
Jim
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com [mailto: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com]
Sent: tuesday, may 02, 2000 9: 23 am
To: jim. Dyer@ bus. Utexas. Edu
Cc: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com; vkaminski@ aol. Com;
Shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Subject: re: real options
Jim,
I can take a cab or get a rental car from the airport (thanks for your
Kind offer).
I shall appreciate, however, if you could drop me off at the hotel before
Dinner.
The time allocation for my speech is about right. I think I shall need
About 90
Minutes.
Please let me know where we can meet on thursday. I shall be at an
Off - site
On wednesday but you can reach me on my cell phone (713 410 5396)
And by sending a cc message to my aol address: vkaminski@ aol. Com.
I look forward to meeting you.
Vince
Jim dyer on 05/01/2000 01: 42: 44 pm
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc: sheridan titman
Subject: re: real options
Vince,
I could pick you up at the airport, or you could rent a car and come
To campus. I have made tentative plans for us to go to lunch with some
Other faculty between 11: 30 and 12: 00, and then you would have some time to
Visit with sheridan and perhaps with some other faculty members as well
Between lunch and my class.
Sheridan and a guest speaker from his class, suresh sundaresan from
Columbia, will be joining us for dinner. I could provide transportation to
Your hotel, and pick you up for dinner as well if you consider that to be
The most convenient alternative.
I will have a pc available in the classroom, with office 2000 and
Windows nt. You could use powerpoint with no difficulty from that machine,
If that' s most convenient. You could simply email the presentation, and i
Would have it for you if you prefer.
How much time would you like? I would like to reserve about 30
Minutes at the end for a general discussion of issues related to real
Options, and about 30 minutes at the beginning of class for some remarks
Regarding the final assignment and a class evaluation by the students
(which
Is required for all classes). At some point, we should take a brief break,
So that would leave approximately 1. 5 to 2 hours for your presentation if
You would like that flexibility. Otherwise, I could take up the" slack".
I look forward to seeing you on thursday.
Jim
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com [mailto: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com]
Sent: friday, april 28, 2000 11: 21 am
To: jim. Dyer@ bus. Utexas. Edu
Cc: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com; vkaminski@ aol. Com
Subject: re: real options
Jim,
I am scheduled to arrive in austin on may 4 at 10: 32 a. M.
I shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch.
I am flying back to houston friday morning and we can meet for dinner
After
The class.
I shall have a power point presentation on my pc. I can also
Prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you.
Vince
Jim dyer on 04/27/2000 05: 44: 51 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc: sheridan titman
Subject: real options
Vince,
I am traveling at this time, attending a nsf meeting in washington.
However, I wanted to touch base regarding plans for your presentation in my
Class on real options next thursday (may 4). As you recall, the class is
From 3: 30 to 6: 30, and you could plan to take a significant part of that
Time for your presentation. Sheridan titman has agreed to join us after
His
Class at about 6: 00 for a 30 minute" panel discussion" with the students on
Issues related to real options in practice. L
I am not sure about your travel plans, but we would be happy to plan
Lunch on thursday with several of my colleagues. I would also be delighted
To be your host for dinner on thursday night if that is convenient for you.
I' ll be back in my office on monday, and will look forward to
Hearing from you.
Jim
James s. Dyer
Fondren centennial chair in business
Department of management science and information systems
Cba 5. 202
The university of texas at austin
Austin, texas 78712 - 1175
Email: j. Dyer@ bus. Utexas. Edu
Telephone: 512 - 471 - 5278
Fax: 512 - 471 - 0587