Subject: re: visit to enron
Fyi
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner/hou/ect on 05/19/2000
11: 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Nick bambos on 05/19/2000 11: 33: 29 am
To: stinson. Gibner@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re: visit to enron
Stinson,
> 1. Will you be able to arrive in houston by, say, 6 p. M. On thursday so
> that we can schedule a dinner meeting that evening?
I' m arriving at the george bush airport in houston next thursday at 5: 15 pm.
I could then take a taxI to the hotel or the restaurant. How long would it
Take me to get there? Is there a" rush hour" problem at that time?
> also, if you are
> returning on friday, what time is your flight? I don' t want to book
> meetings too late in the afternoon for you, if you will need to leave for
> the airport.
I' m flying out of houston on friday at 6: 45 pm. Is there a rush hour problem
On the freeways at that time? What time should I leave from enron to be at the
Airport at 6 pm?
> 2. Would you be amenable to giving a 45 minute presentation on friday?
> this would be an effective way of introducing you to many more people in
> ebs, including many of the traders. The topic could be of your choice and
> could be related to networks or the future of the internet.
I hope i' ll have opportunities to give talks at enron in subsequent visits
Along the research path. In this first visit I was hoping to understand better
The research goals of enron and brainstorm with people about what are the
Top challenges and opportunities for our research collaboration. Identifying
The best research problems in terms of
1) highest innovation potential and
2) highest projected impact
Would be at the top of my list. It might be unprofessional on my side to
Talk to an audience that I don' t have any prior information about and is
Very diverse anyway; it could actually be" dangerous." I would feel much more
Comfortable to do that in my second visit, after I have understood the
Environment
Better and I have some results to talk about. I would like to be in a
Position to" impress" people when I give my first talk at enron. (besides,
I will have to prepare good slides for such a talk and I am totally swamped
All next week.)
> 3. Do you have time to draft a short letter of understanding that vince
> could use to document the support being given to you and the uses which
> would be made of our contribution to your research effort?
I' m swamped, but i' ll try to put something together.
I look forward to seeing you next week.
Nick