Subject: re: re [4]: greetings from london (to enron)
Iris,
We can invite you for an interview to houston.
What would be a the time for you?
Vince
Iris. Mack@ bnpparibas. Com on 05/25/2000 11: 32: 04 am
To: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re [4]: greetings from london (to enron)
Hi,
Thank you for your prompt response. I am interested in any contacts you
May have in your rolodex.
Also, I would be opened to talk to enron as well. Please let me know
More
Details.
Kind regards,
Iris
Internet
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com on 25/05/2000 16: 19 gmt
To: iris mack
Cc: vince. J. Kaminski, stinson. Gibner, grant. Masson, pinnamaneni. Krishnarao,
Vasant. Shanbhogue
Bcc:
Subject: re: re [2]: greetings from london (to enron)
Iris,
I shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you. I left
Investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast.
Alternatively, would you be interested in a company like enron
Or another energy company in houston?
Please, let me know.
Vince
Iris. Mack@ bnpparibas. Com on 05/25/2000 09: 20: 01 am
To: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re [2]: greetings from london (to enron)
Hi,
How are you? Thank you kindly for your email. Sorry I have not
Responded
Sooner.
Currently I am working in derivatives structured products and risk
Management at bnp paribas in london. Although I currently enjoy living and
Working in london, I may need to return to the states - because of my mother' s
Failing health.
Do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that I may forward
My
Details to?
For your information, I have attached my cv. (please see attached file:
Iris marie mack. Doc).
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.
Kind regards,
Iris mack
44 (0) 20 7595 8665 (work)
44 (0) 20 7229 9986 (home)
(see attached file: iris marie mack. Doc)
Internet
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com on 04/04/2000 15: 03 gmt
To: iris mack
Cc: vince. J. Kaminski
Bcc:
Subject: re: greetings from london (to enron)
Iris,
Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes.
I shall be glad to chat with you.
Vince
Iris. Mack@ paribas. Com on 03/30/2000 02: 24: 27 am
To: vkamins@ enron. Com
Cc: denis. Autier@ paribas. Com
Subject: greetings from london (to enron)
Dear dr. Kaminski,
How are you? It was nice to meet you at the real options conference
In
Nyc.
I was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk. In
Particular, by your use of real options to hedge financial options. This
Is
Something I am interested in as well.
When you have some time, could we chat about this topic in a bit more
Detail?
Thanks for your time and consideration. Hope to hear from you soon.
Regards,
Iris mack
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
This message is confidential; its contents do not constitute a
Commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided
For in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group *.
Any unauthorised disclosure, use or dissemination, either
Whole or partial, is prohibited. If you are not the intended
Recipient of the message, please notify the sender immediately.
* bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa
Ce message est confidentiel; son contenu ne represente en
Aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *
Sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le
Groupe bnp paribas *. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion,
Meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. SI vous n' etes
Pas destinataire de ce message, mercI d' en avertir immediatement
L' expediteur.
* le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas
Sa
(see attached file: iris marie mack. Doc)
- iris marie mack. Doc