Subject: managing enron' s relationships with the universities
Jeff,
I would like to get on your calendar (together with jeff shankman) for 15 -
30 minutes
To discuss the results of my visit at the wharton school with tom piazze.
A separate message about this visit will follow.
I would like also to talk to you about the way we manage our relationships
With
Different universities. Historically, we were rather passive customers of
The academic institutions, trying to hire the best students and limiting our
Presence
On the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions.
We should rethink the way we work with universities. The efforts to get
The best students look more and more like a hand - to - hand combat and often we
Are not
Very successful. It is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses
And this can be accomplished in a number of different ways:
1. Involvement in research projects. For example, we are currently
Underwriting two research
Projects at stanford university, involving ph. D. Students of professor
Nicholas bambos
(a top expert on communications networks). We shall participate in formulation
Of the projects' objectives and will be given access to the results.
Involvement in research projects allows us to obtain
Access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and
Also to lock - up some very
Promising students. Most companies in the high tech industries have such
Programs.
2. Lectures and presentations by enron employees. Practically every
Presentation
I have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes
And hiring decisions.
It is important that students get exposed to enron early in their academic
Program. In many cases,
The best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach
Them during their
Senior years.
3. Visits by faculty members in enron.
Closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to
Getting the best students
And obtaining access to current research. The universities are very important
In shaping public opinion
On the issues critical to enron' s future (especially in the area of
Deregulation and design of new markets).
Currently, the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on
Personal commitment of a number
Of overworked enron employees. In many cases, there is no continuity and
Focus.
I want to recommend a creation of a special function (vp or md level)
Responsible for coordinating
Our relationships with the universities. This function would be separate from
Our analyst/associate
Program. I have many ideas how this function could be structured.
Vince