Subject: re: pricing credit on thousands of names
We can continue the discussion in tuesday' s conference call, but I discussed
With ben about the issues below, and here are some thoughts. This is not a
Complete approach, but only a starting point for discussion.
The main task is to build a pricing system for many names.
This has two components - - -
1) how to price a single name?
1. 1) how to price a liquid single name?
1. 2) how to price an illiquid single name?
2) how to efficiently apply the methodology to multiple names?
The approach I would take for 1. 1 is
A) define a small set of liquid names
B) apply each of the different models we have, say, the six models ben has
Mentioned below, to these names
C) include market prices, if any, for these names
D) sit with traders, get trader' s intuition on where each liquid name should
Price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in (b) and (c)
E) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion
Of the trader prices across the models
F) quantify these attributes, if possible
G) try a different set of liquid names and repeat the process, and see if the
Decisions in the last round still make sense
The approach for 1. 2 may be
A) define a small set of illiquid names
B) apply each of the different models we have to these names
C) sit with traders, get trader' s intuition on where each illiquid name
Should price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in (b)
D) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion
Of the trader prices across the models
E) check if these are similar to the attributes identified for liquid names
F) define a master set of liquid names
G) look for relationships (by analyzing cross - section of data) between
Attributes or prices of illiquid names to those of liquid names
Once a mapping has been defined for an illiquid name to a set of liquid names
And their attributes, then this mapping can be entered into a table, and the
Pricing can be automated for all names (in theory)! The success will depend
On the success of the round - table sessions for the approaches for 1. 1 and
1. 2.
Building a new fundamental model is always a worthwhile task, but we can get
Going with the above approaches immediately in parallel with developing any
New models that we may build. New models can be added to the suite of
Existing models. I do not believe there will ever be a single model that will
Answer all questions for all names, but rather we can refine the mappings and
Relative choices among models over time, which would mean continuing
Round - table sessions with traders. Limited data makes calibration very hard,
So I would continually ask the question" what do we calibrate?" throughout
The discussions for 1. 1 and 1. 2, and this may help guide us to new models.
Vasant
Benjamin parsons
06/19/2000 04: 11 am
To: ect london credit trading
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, vasant shanbhogue/hou/ect@ ect, amitava
Dhar/corp/enron@ enron, steven leppard/lon/ect@ ect, grant masson/hou/ect@ ect,
Dale surbey/lon/ect@ ect, david a wall/risk mgmt/lon/ect@ ect, jitendra j
Patel/lon/ect@ ect, oliver gaylard/lon/ect@ ect
Subject: pricing credit on thousands of names
All -
Our challenge for the next few months is to build an automated system to
Provide differential pricing on thousands of credits [5, 000 by year - end].
Most of these credits will be illiquid in terms of market price information,
Making the challenge harder, and the end result more important in terms of
Competitive pricing advantage. What we need is an overall strategy for how we
Plan to achieve this from the quantitative perspective.
Currently we have several models for credit pricing either in use or under
Development:
Fmc model (default probability approach). Using bloomberg' s fair market (par
Yield) curves, probabilities are generated from the risky - libor, then
Default/bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology.
Fmc model (credit spread approach). Using the fmcs, then directly taking the
Libor credit spread at each tenor, adjusting for basis and compounding
Differences.
Bond model (fmc approach). Taking the fmcs as benchmark curves, the model
Regresses the input bonds (specific to a name) on the two best fitting
Benchmarks. The result is a zero yield curve with the same shape as the fmcs,
But with the level tweaked for the specific issuer. Prices are then generated
Using both spread and probability approaches. Under testing.
Bond model (spline approach). Taking only the bonds specific to an issuer,
The model fits an exponential cubic spline to the zero - coupon price curve,
Then builds a zero yield curve from this. Under testing.
Market prices. For certain liquid names, or sectors/ratings, cds market
Prices are used, then recovery and event discount used to get bankruptcy swap
Prices.
Kmv. Using expected default frequencies (edfs) from the kmv model and
Database, we will build a model to price default swaps, making appropriate
Risk adjustments. Kmv is being installed now, so model will be worked on next.
Each of these models returns a price (credit default and bankruptcy), and the
Accuracy of the price depends on many factors - liquidity and regulatory
Differences between bond and cds markets, recovery assumptions, risk premia,
Capital charges, etc. The aim will be to accurately price as many liquid
Names as possible, based upon these models, then use these prices, alongside
Other financial information, as the backbone to a full automated pricing
System.
Our inputs to the proposed pricing system for a specific name are model and
Market prices for all issuers, alongside name - specific' soft' data from
Credit reports and financial statements. If the credit is liquid enough, a
Price will be generated from their own information only. Otherwise, the
Credit will be mapped onto a subset of liquid credits, with financial
Information and historical price movements providing the mapping and weights.
The model price will then be periodically adjusted to align itself with
Market (or trader) prices, and this adjustment will feed back into the
Weighting and mapping composition. In loose terms, we could think of the
System price for an illiquid credit as being a weighted average of liquid
Market prices (bonds, equities, default swaps), where the weightings are
Calibrated using credit analysis, financial ratios, etc.
The key steps to implementing such a system will be:
Establishing what exactly we want to' predict' - is it a price, a rating, a
Probability, or a score? We will need a clean market history to calibrate to,
Which we only really have for ratings. We will then need to develop a mapping
From rating/score to price.
Getting and cleaning the historical financial and credit data required to
Calibrate the model.
Building the mechanics of the model, ie, the calibration methodology. Neural
Nets/fuzzy logic seem the obvious candidates, but which exact methods and
Software packages to use?
Determining an automated methodology for mapping names with limited
Information into the model.
Getting the" true" market price, in order to feed back an error. At present
Such a price exists for very few credits.
Allocating resources to the development. Mckinsey claimed such a system would
Take 6 - 10 man - months to develop.
Further ideas or comments are requested, as we need to develop our strategy
Asap. The model description above is fairly vague, as we don' t yet have the
Knowledge needed to fill in the specific details. Further help will be
Especially required on this if we are to continue to move at' internet speed'.
Regards
Ben