Subject: re: it was nice meeting you at the informs meeting.
I enjoyed talking to you in the slc conference. Thank you for the reference
To your recent publication. Let me find out about rice seminars and any
Interest within our group and get back to you.
Regards,
Krishna.
Uryasev@ aol. Com on 06/18/2000 05: 58: 38 am
To:
Cc:
Subject: it was nice meeting you at the informs meeting.
Dear dr. Krishnarao,
It was nice meeting you at the informs meeting. If it is of interest, you can
Download my recent papers and reports in the area of risk management and
Financial engineering from
Further, I give the list of recent downloadable publications related to the
Risk management and financial engineering.
1. Uryasev, s. Conditional value - at - risk: optimization algorithms and
Applications. Financial engineering news, no. 14, february, 2000.
2. Uryasev, s. Introduction to the theory of probabilistic functions and
Percentiles (value - at - risk). Research report 2000 - 7. Ise dept., university of
Florida, may 2000.
3. Chekhlov, a., uryasev, s., and m. Zabarankin. Portfolio optimization with
Drawdown constraints. Research report 2000 - 5. Ise dept., university of
Florida, april 2000.
4. Palmquist, j., uryasev, s., and p. Krokhmal. Portfolio optimization with
Conditional value - at - risk objective and constraints. Research report 99 - 14.
Ise dept., university of florida, november 1999.
5. Andersson, f. And s. Uryasev. Credit risk optimization with conditional
Value - at - risk criterion. Research report 99 - 9. Ise dept., university of
Florida, august 1999.
6. Uryasev, s. And r. T. Rockafellar. Optimization of conditional
Value - at - risk. Research report 99 - 4. Ise dept., university of florida, june
1999.
I am e - mailing to you from japan. I am for three month at the center for
Research in advanced financial technology, tokyo institute of technology.
Here in japan, I am collaborating with my colleges on new classification
Techniques. Suppose you have some data set (e. G., a data set of financial
Records of companies) and you want to rate the companies based on this (or
Some other information). Linear programming and semI - definite programming
Methods are used for this purpose. With these techniques we are able to
Calculate credit rating of investment companies (aaa, bbb,  (). Similar
Techniques can be used for scoring of credit card applications and other
Classification problems.
I am interested in applied projects in energy, risk management, and financial
Engineering area. I will be happy to collaborate with you on this subject. I
Am looking for financial support for phd students who may work on your
Applications. Also, I will be interested in to give a presentation at your
Company or at the rice university, as we discussed.
Best regards,
Stan uryasev
Prof. Stanislav uryasev
University of florida, ise
Po box 116595
303 weil hall
Gainesville, fl 32611 - 6595
E - mail: uryasev@ ise. Ufl. Edu
Url: www. Ise. Ufl. Edu/uryasev