Subject: re:
Shane,
Thanks for your message. As a matter of fact, I expected your resume in time
For our summer internship program.
We shall be glad to invite you for an interview. How long" sabbatical" do you
Envisage?
Vince
P. S. Shirley, please, call shane to arrange an interview with hr.
" shane green" on 06/19/2000 02: 14: 00 pm
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Dr. Kaminski:
?
You probably won' t remember my name, but I am the ph. D. Student that took
You back to the airport after your visit to louisiana state university
During the previous academic year.
?
I received my m. S. In finance in may of last year, and chose to? Remain at
Lsu to work on my ph. D. At that time, I intended to pursue a career
In? Teaching and research at a four year college or university.? In
Part? Because of your visit,? And my? Primary interest in normative research,
My? Plans have changed.? While i? Still want to earn my ph. D.,? I plan to
Pursue a career in research in the private sector.
?
As you know, ph. D. Programs in financial economics are designed to train
Future academics.? Not surprisingly, they emphasize methods to approach the
Types of questions that are of interest to finance academics.? What did
Surprise me, however, was that these areas of interest often had little to
Do with what I imagined to be the concerns of practitioners in the real
World.? As you mentioned in your discussion, academic researchers know
Little about what their counterparts in the private sector
?
In light of my objective, I feel I would get the most out of the remainder
Of my doctoral studies if I took some time off to work in the private sector
To see first hand the? Types of challenges I can expect to face as a
Researcher in corporate america.? As my primary interests revolve around the
Use of derivatives and financial engineering in corporate risk management,
Enron, as the leading innovator in these areas, would be an ideal place to
Learn.? I was wondering if you were aware of any openings at the company
That might provide me with the exposure I am looking for.? If there are no
Such positions or opportunities, any advice or suggestions you could give
Me,? Such as whether or not you think such a" sabbatical" (for lack of a
Better term) would be helpful, or information on private sector careers for
Ph. D.' s would be greatly appreciated.?
?
I am sending a current copy of my vita as an attachment.? If you have any
Questions my e - mail address is sgreen@ finance. Lsu. Edu.? Thanks for your help
And advice.
?
?
Cordially,
?
?
?
?
Shane green
?
?
?????
- vita. Doc