Subject: new timesheet procedures
Hello everyone:
Just when you get used to something it changes!
As you may have heard, enron is implementing a new time entry system as part
Of the july 1 sap implementation. Time entry for the june 16 th - 30 th period
Must be entered into sap by 3: 00 pm cst on june 30 th. As your timekeeper, i
Will assist with this process and ensure that we meet this very important
Deadline.
I will continue to do the time sheets for the 19 th floor and for osman and
Samer.
Sam smith and/or kevin moore will be responsible for the timesheets for the
Weather group on the 32 nd floor.
Time can be entered in sap in two ways:
? You can enter your time yourself using the new ehronline feature; or,
? Timekeepers can enter time on your behalf.
If you are unsure as to which approach you should use, please call me.
Please remember that all time for this period must be submitted before 3: 00
Pm cst, on june 30 th.
For those of you using ehronline:
First of all, congratulations on taking this next step toward enron , s vision
Of empowering the employee. By using the new ehronline feature, you are
Helping enron to realize the value in this sap implementation. Hopefully,
You too, will receive value from having instant access to your personal
Information.
The new ehronline functionality is:
? Easy to use
? Accessible through the enron intranet at ehronline. Enron. Com
Using this feature, you can not only enter your own time, but also maintain:
? Your profile information (skills, education, and experience)
? Home address
? Phone numbers
? W - 4 changes
? Emergency contact information
Additionally, you will be able to view your individual pay advice and benefit
Elections.
You will receive your personal id and password via e - mail from sap _ security
By june 22 nd. Because of the confidentiality of the information accessible
Using ehronline, it is important that you keep your id and password
Confidential. If you do not receive your information by the end of the day
On june 22 nd, please call the coe at (713) 345 - 4 sap to obtain your id and
Password.
The apollo & beyond team has teamed with ebs to deliver training on how to
Enter time using ehronline via ebs , new product enroncast. This tool is
Available to you on your desktop. You can access enroncast at
Www. Enroncast. Com and follow the instructions.
Step by step guides - http:// sap. Enron. Com/coe
? Enter time via ehronline (employee) step by step procedure
? Correct time via ehronline (employee) step by step procedure
? Enter time via ehronline (non - employee contractor) step by step procedure
? Correct time via ehronline (non - employee contractor) step by step procedure]
For those of you who need me to enter your time:
Attached is a manual time entry form that I must have completed and returned
By june 28 th. Please estimate the last two days of the period as accurately
As possible. If necessary, I can make corrections on the next time entry
Period. If you do not want to use this form, I will have hard copies at my
Desk and will be glad to help you fill them
Out. I know this is creating more work for everyone, but what can I say?
Where can you get help?
I am here to help you with the new coding necessary on your timesheet. Also,
If you do not know which absence or attendance type you should use, please
Come see me or give me a call.
If you have other questions or are experiencing problems, you can also get
Help from any of the following places:
Center of expertise (coe)
The center of expertise can help answer many of your questions and provide
You with assistance if you are experiencing problems. The coe is available
24 hours a day from monday at 7: 00 am cst through friday at 7: 00 pm cst. You
Can contact the coe at (713) 345 - 4 sap.
Dedicated support personnel
During the time period right after the initial  & go live  8 the project team has
Dedicated additional resources to help support you. These resources can be
Contacted at:
Marla hernandez at x 39763 for now and after 6/22 at x 31645 at workstation #
Eb 3661 b
Mark timmons at 57919 for now, pager number 888 - 620 - 3896, at workstation #
Eb 3667 a
Regards,
Shirley
3 - 5290