Subject: replied resume
I am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very
Persistent and quite aggressive.
Please, take a look at him.
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 06/23/2000
08: 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Eric hilton on 06/22/2000 11: 20: 11 pm
To: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: replied resume
Mr. Kaminski,
??????? I sent an actual resume via the postal service. I guess you never
Received it. Thank you for your patience.
A few features I possess that suggest that I may be a representative your
Well established company would value are:
? Seven - plus years as a manager/junior executive of logistics in a fast - paced,
Demanding, and constantly evolving retail industry.
Experience in effectively developing and implementing policies and tasks
Under marketing, logistics, brand management, and best practices.
Ba degree in marketing with a 3. 88 gpa from the university of san moritz,
London england.
Extensive knowledge in management with the ability to effectively manage
Multiple tasks, as well as multiple associates, to achieve specific goals in
Research and brand management within the company' s deadline.
Seven - plus years effectively implementing and teaching dynamic and successful
Customer service.
With my current employer, I am in charge of logistics research and
Reports/data collection, as well as responsible for developing new and
Successful ideas and implementing them under constantly evolving brand
Management and best practices.
Traveling to london, england and extensively finishing my degree indicates
That I am willing to go the  & extra mile  8 to achieve and obtain my goals.
Perhaps, mr. Kaminiski,? I am an associate you need at your well - respected
Company. I would be very happy to meet with you, at your convenience, to
Discuss the possibility of putting my education and experience to work for
Enron.
Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you. I have
Attached my resume to this email formatted under microsoft word.
Warmest regards,
Eric hilton
?
- my resume