Subject: re: your visit to sydney in july
Paul, raymond,
Thanks for your message.
Sorry I did not get in touch with you earlier. The last few weeks were very
Hectic. I am starting
Right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the
Conference.
Here are the details of my itinerary (I shall send you a copy tomorrow). I
Arrive sunday morning
And leave saturday morning. The conference takes place on monday and tuesday.
On wednesday, I am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk. I
Would
Like to stay at the conference for the duration: it' s a great learning
Opportunity for me.
On thursday and friday, as well as in the evenings (except for the evening
Of july 18), I am at you disposal.
I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can
About the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda.
I shall be glad to make several presentation.
I can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover
Additional
Topics.
Vince
Paul quilkey@ enron _ development
07/04/2000 05: 23 am
To: vince j kaminski@ ect
Cc:
Subject: your visit to sydney in july
Vince
I support raymond' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give
A presentation (formal or informal) to the trading group on latest research
Initiatives in houston. Please let us know your schedule so that we do not
Overly burden you during your visit. Look forward to seeing you and catching
Up over a beer.
Thnx
Paul
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey/enron _ development on
07/05/2000 08: 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Raymond yeow
07/04/2000 08: 21 pm
To: vince j kaminski@ ect
Cc: paul quilkey/enron _ development, kirsty hogarth/enron _ development, elliott
Katz/enron _ development, david gray/enron _ development
Subject: your visit to sydney in july
Dear vince,
Hi!, it' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk (17 - 19 july) seminar in
Sydney.
Is risk organising your hotel?
Otherwise, kirsty can organise for you,
Eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the
Sheraton?
We would like to make sure that you have all the necessary" comforts" of home
When you are with us,
Elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office/trading room with
Phone etc
So you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop.
Please let elliott or david kmow your requirements.
How long will you be with us?
Is this your first trip to sydney?
There are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a
Meal (s)/show you the sights etc and
Discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var.
Hear from you soon.
Raymond
725 pm 4 july