Subject: re: steve leppard
Dale,
My recommendation is to make steve the head of the research unit in london.
We were talking originally about september but I think we should accelerate
This process.
Of course, anjam will be very unhappy about it, but we cannot manage around
Him
Any longer.
I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase.
I would like to offer him a significant increase that
Goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility.
A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market.
We see the market for technical people going through the roof in
Practically every location
Where we operate.
A contract is not a good solution in my view. It creates a sense of false
Security for
Both an employee and the company.
I shall send a message to john sherriff with my recommendation. I shall cc
You.
I would appreciate if you could bring it up with john as well.
Vince
Dale surbey
07/11/2000 10: 23 am
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: steve leppard
HI vince,
Hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a
Noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to
Pay in the market for a replacement. They highlighted steve as someone with
A potential gap - particularly in light of what we' re seeing in our quant
Recruiting effort for credit trading and research.
I' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and
Keep him at enron. There are several things I see we can do:
1) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market. I' m not
Sure this is the best way to go, especially if we only offer him a token
Salary increase.
2) offer him more responsibility: what are your thoughts on timing for
Making steve the official head of the london research team? With my move to
Ebs, should we accelerate this? I think this is good way to keep him happy
And motivated, and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at
Year - end (as part of the regular process) that takes into account his greater
Responsibility.
3) we have some people that we' re trying to get under long - term (3 - yr)
Contract with a 12 - month notice clause. Obviously anyone signing one of
These will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed.
We' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london, and I would prefer
To keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually
Binding him to the job.
I' d value your thoughts on this.
Thanks,
Dale