Subject: sas
To the group:
If you wish to use sas, there are a few simple things you need to do:
1) you need to get a unix password if you don' t already have one (your user
Id will be the same as on the nt network, but a different password is issued)
2) you need a program called" exceed" on your pc. Request it from it (you
Already have this if you are already a user of lim on the unix platform)
3) you need an" ftp" program on your pc. You can go to www. Download. Com and
Download one (I like wsftp)
4) exceed is funny in the way it runs. When you invoke exceed (or lim
Advanced user (under infobases) if you already have this) it will install
Itself the first time, and will then" disappear" to the taskbar. You need to
* right * click on the taskbar on exceed, and then choose" tools" and" client
Startup" and then" new."
You will enter a box which should already be set for rexec and an xwindow
Emulation. You need to specify the host type as sun, enter your user name and
Password, set the host name to:
Capers. Ect. Enron. Com
And then, on the command line, type the following (carefully):
/ usr/openwin/bin/xterm - display@ d
Then, use the file menu to save this as capers. Xs and then click on the run!
Menu. Within a second or two, a window will open up with you logged into the
Serve capers. You are now on a unix server, and the directory is your home
Directory. From here, if you simply type" sas" the 3 windows for an
Interactive session with sas should open on your desktop. You are in business.
5) you also need to install your ftp. Follow the procedures with the
Software, and then create a new session called" enron" where you choose as
The server simply" earth" (do not add any further descriptors such as
. Enron. Com). Supply your user name and * unix * password, check the" remember
Password" box, and the default communication setups should be correct (eg,
Host type as" automatic detect").
When you invoke ftp and connect to enron, it will put you in your home
Directory on the unix system, the same directory your xwindow comes up in
Under exceed.
If you have any problems, i' ll be happy to help
Clayton
Ps I have a complete set of new sas manuals I am happy to loan out if you' ll
Just write your name down when you take them.