Subject: bios of mit participants
Vince: bios from mit participants did arrive - - - see below. Amy
Donald r. Lessard
Deputy dean; epoch foundation professor of international management
Office e 52 - 474
Tel 617 - 253 - 6688
???????????
Lessard' s current research is focused on the shaping and managing of risks in
Large engineering projects, the globalization of financial services, and
Knowledge development within multinational firms. As deputy dean, lessard
Coordinates sloan' s research centers and provides faculty leadership for its
International initiatives, institutional partnerships and executive
Education. The international initiatives include joint programs with tsinghua
And fudan universities and lingnan (university) college in china, as well as
Programs in taiwan and singapore. Lessard is also the faculty director for
The mit - wide partnership between merrill lynch and mit.
General expertise international corporate strategy and finance
S. P. Kothari
Gordon y billard professor of accounting and finance
Office e 52 - 325
Tel 617 - 253 - 0994
????????????
KotharI is an editor of the journal of accounting & economics, and his
Research work has been widely published in leading accounting and finance
Journals. Past research has focused on the relation between financial
Information and security prices, accounting for executive stock options,
Tests of security - price performance and market efficiency, corporate uses of
Derivatives for hedging and speculation, and issues surrounding executive
Compensation. Recent published research includes:" the relation between
Earnings and cash flows" (with patty dechow and ross watts), journal of
Accounting" a market - based evaluation of discretionaryaccrual
Models" (with wayne guay and ross l. Watts), journal of accounting research,
1996;" another look at the cross - section of expected returns" (with jay
Shanken and richard sloan), journal of finance, 1995; and" measuring
Long - horizon security price performance" (with jerold b. Warner), journal of
Financial economics, 1997.
General expertise accounting, india, stock trading