Subject: important united way reminder
Reminder!
The united way executive breakfasts are one week away. Please rsvp if you
Have not already done so.
Date: thursday, august 3, 2000 (hosted by joe sutton)
Or
Friday, august 4, 2000 (hosted by jeff skilling)
Time: 7: 45 - 9: 00 a. M.
Location: depelchin children , s center
100 sandman (near memorial and shepherd intersection)
Rsvp: reply directly to this email or call jessica nunez, 853 - 1918 by
Monday, july 31
Transportation: bus will depart from the enron building (andrews street
Side) promptly at 7: 30 a. M. Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited
Onsite parking. However, if you should need to drive, directions to depelchin
Are below.
Executive solicitation
Executive solicitation kicked - off on july 24 and is well underway. As you
Know, participation by enron , s executive team is vital to the success of the
Campaign. To make your contribution, please click on the following united
Way link, http:// unitedway. Enron. Com or go directly to internet explorer or
Netscape and type in http:// unitedway. Enron. Com in the address field. Either
Option should take you to enron , s united way 2000 campaign site where you
Should be able to make your pledge within minutes. Please call kathy
Mayfield, enron , s campaign coordinator at 713/853 - 3264 if you have any
Difficulties at all accessing the site.
We look forward to seeing you next week!
Directions to depelchin children , s center ) 100 sandman (713 - 861 - 8136)
From downtown houston
? Take prairie (which turns into memorial) or allen parkway west to shepherd.
? Turn right on shepherd.
? Turn left on feagan (which is the first light after memorial.)
? Turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
From the galleria area
? Take 610 north to the woodway/memorial exit. Exit and turn right on woodway.
? Woodway will turn into memorial and stay on memorial until you see the
Shepherd exit.
? Exit shepherd and turn left on shepherd.
? Turn left on feagan (which is the first light after memorial.)
? Turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
From north of downtown
? Take 45 or 59 south to I - 10. Go west on I - 10.
? Take the shepherd/durham exit and go through the shepherd intersection to
Durham. Go left under the freeway on durham.
? Turn right on feagan (which will be a light.)
? Turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.