Subject: re: telephone interview with the enron corp. Research group
Dear kevin:
Dr. Kaminski, stinson gibner and zimin lu will interview you at the same time
In a group interview, which will last approximately 1 hour.
If it meets with your approval, I have scheduled the telephone interview for
This friday, august 4 at 1: 00 pm. They will call you at 713 - 630 - 0768.
Fyi. The research group is responsible for option modeling, building systems
For risk quantification and management, development of optimization systems,
Assisting with statistical analysis and anything that requires advanced math,
For
All of enron.
If you have any other questions, please let me know.
Regards,
Shirley crenshaw
Administrative assistant
Enron corp. Research
713 - 853 - 5290
Email: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Ningbo xu on 08/01/2000 11: 30: 44 am
To:"' shirley crenshaw'"
Cc:"' kevinxu 98@ yahoo. Com'"
Subject: re: telephone interview with the enron corp. Research group
Dear shirley,
Sorry for getting back with you until today. I have been out of town since
Last friday and didn' t have access to emails.
I appreciate the opportunities to talk with mr. Kaminski, mr. Gibner, and
Mr. Lu and look forward to their phone calls. As to the date and time, i
Will be available all day this friday and any day next week. Please let me
Know when they will be available so that I can arrange schedule to
Accommodate. I can be reached at 713 - 630 - 0768.
Also, I have a couple of questions that I hope to get your help:
1. Will the interview be a group interview or each of them will talk with me
Individually?
2. What' s the role of the research group at enron?
Thank you very much and look forward to hearing from you.
Kevin xu
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: shirley crenshaw
To: xuni@ olin. Wustl. Edu
Sent: 7/28/00 11: 45 am
Subject: telephone interview with the enron corp. Research group
Good afternoon mr. Xu
Your resume has been forwarded to the research group with enron corp.
They would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your
Convenience.
Please let me know your available dates and times along with the
Telephone
Number you may be reached at and they will call you.
The interviewers would be:
Vince kaminskI managing director
Stinson gibner vice president
Zimin lu director
Look forward to hearing from you.
Regards,
Shirley crenshaw
Administrative coordinator
Enron corp. Research
713/853 - 5290
Email: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com