Subject: united way executive solicitation
As you know, enron , s united way executive solicitation is well under way.
August 9 th is the target date to achieve 100% participation and finalize the
Commitment from our executives and is also the date for the kickoff of the
Company wide drive. We have a way to go to meet this objective. As of
August 3 rd less than 25% of our executives have turned in their pledge.
Enron , s united way goal for the year is $2. 3 million (before the corporate
Match). Ena , s share of this goal is $346, 500. While these are aggressive
Goals, they are very doable, and if everyone contributes their fair share, we
Can easily surpass these goals.
Along with focusing on meeting our financial goals, I , d like to have 100%
Participation throughout the organization. This is especially important
Among our executives. We define" participation" as an employee who has
Completed their pledge on - line and made a contribution, no matter what the
Level.
I am a proud member of the alexis de tocqueville society, which is a
Contributor of $10, 000 or more and have pledged significantly more this year
Than last year. Enron has 39 members of this society, only 5 of which are
From ena. I would like to see this number increase significantly and if you
Are able, I would like you to consider stepping up to this level. Given the
Fact that enron executives are highly compensated with generous options and
Bonus program, I encourage each of you to at least become a member of the
" make a difference" club, which is a contribution of 1. 2% of your annual
Salary. I would also challenge each of you to increase your pledge this
Year, regardless of your level of giving last year.
With the campaign going on - line with electronic pledging, I , ll need the
Support of you and your campaigners to increase participation levels across
The ena organization and reach our financial goals. Whatever your decision
Regarding the level of your pledge, we need 100% participation from our
Executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ena. Your
Contribution to the united way will continue to make a difference in our
Community. When you give, you change a life right here in our community.
Please join me in setting the standard for ena by giving generously and
Getting your pledges in by august 9 th.
Log - in to system on netscape or explorer - - unitedway. Enron. Com