Subject: mscf speaker series
Mscf speaker series
Dear mr. Kaminsky, I have included the web page of the list of confirmed
Speakers, most of them are people I worked with as a fixed income bond
Options trader.? Having you as a speaker would? Give a chance to the mscf
Students to gain insight in an area (commodities) and in a field
(research)? In which many are? Interested.
Official invitation
?
?
?
The first event is next friday!
?
First event:
August 11, 2000
10: 30 to 12: 30 a. M. Fast lab
David hartney & jerry hanweck
Vice president, futures and option sales?
J. P. Morgan
N. B.
There will be free caps and a copy of the treasury bond basis. Priority will
Be given to mscf students.
?
??
Price and hedging volatility contracts
September 1, 2000
Dmitry pugachevsky
Deutsche bank
Dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche
Bank, where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives. Prior
To joining deutsche bank, dmitry worked for six years with global analytics
Group of bankers trust. There he developed models for emerging markets,
Interest rates, and equity derivatives and also participated in actual
Trading and structuring of interest rate options. He received his phd in
Applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control
Theory for stochastic processes. He has published several papers on
Modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options.
A measurement framework for bank liquidity risk
September 15, 2000
Raymond cote
Vice president, finrad inc. Nbc
Raymond cote is vice president, financial engineering at finrad inc., a
Montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that
Combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and
Financial institutions.
Abstract:
Liquidity risk, as opposed to credit and market risks, has received little
Attention in professional or academic journals. We argue that analyzing bank
Liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis. After
Introducing some concepts and definitions, the presentation defines a
Framework allowing to measure a bank' s structural liquidity risk. It then
Shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools
Leads to a liquidity risk var measure. The presentation then offers
Concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement
Framework within enterprise - wide risk management.
Swaps, spreads and bonds
September 29, 2000
Chris leonard
Senior trader
Fixed income arbitrage?
October 27, 2000
Chuck mchugh
Vice president, nbc - new york
Fund management and market efficiency
November 10, 2000
Andrea lee
Portfolio manager, freiss associates
Pierre - philippe ste - marie
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Http:// pstemarie. Homestead. Com