Subject: re: preface for book
Julie,
No problem. It' s your call but chris should also be mentioned as number one.
Vince
" julie" on 08/03/2000 03: 06: 28 pm
To:" vince j kaminski"
Cc:
Subject: re: preface for book
Vince,
Thanks for this.??
?
Are you ok with us using your name for this??
?
Julie
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince j kaminski
To: julie@ lacima. Co. Uk
Sent: wednesday, august 02, 2000 2: 11 pm
Subject: re: preface for book
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 08/02/2000
08: 16
Am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Vince j kaminski
08/02/2000 08: 09 am
To:??" julie"@ enron
Cc:?? Vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, grant masson/hou/ect@ ect
Subject:? Re: preface for book? (document link: vince j kaminski)
Julie,
The introduction looks fine. I have made some cosmetic changes
(typos and split infinitives that slipped by). You can safely ignore most of
Them.
English is not even my second language.
The corrections are in pink.
Vince
(see attached file: introo 802. Doc)
" julie" on 08/01/2000 07: 43: 10 am
To:??" vincejkaminski"
Cc:
Subject:? Preface for book
Vince,
Hope you are well.
We spoke a while ago about who should write the preface for the book, and?
You
Kindly offered that you would provide this. Is this still? Possible? We
Realise that you are extremely busy, so chris and les went? Ahead and wrote
Something, which is below, and if you want to review, change or? Re - write the
Preface, that would be very appreciated. Let me know? What your thoughts
Are.
Thanks,
Julie
(we' re getting close)
Preface
One of our main objectives in? Writing energy derivatives: pricing and risk
Management has been to bring? Together as many of the various approaches
For the
Pricing and risk management? Energy derivatives as possible, to discuss
In - depth
The models, and to show how? They relate to each other. In this? Way we hope
To
Help the reader to analyse the different models, price a wide? Range of
Energy
Derivatives, or to build a risk management system which uses a? Consistent
Modelling framework. We? Believe that for practitioners this last point is
Very
Important and we continue? To stress in our articles and presentations the
Dangers of having flawed risk? Management and giving arbitrage opportunities
To
Your competitors by using? Ad - hoc and inconsistent models for different
Instruments and markets (see also others who propose consistent? Models?).
However, it is not? Our wish to concentrate on one particular model or
Models,
At the exclusion of? The others because we believe that the choice should
Rest
With the user? (although it will probably be clear from our discussions the
Model (s) we? Prefer). We therefore try and give? As clear account as possible
Of the advantage and disadvantages of all the? Models so that the reader can
Make an informed choice as to the models which? Best suit their needs.
In order to meet our objectives the? Book is divided into 11 chapters.? In
Chapter 1 we give an overview of the fundamental principals needed to?
Model and
Price energy derivatives which will underpin the remainder of the? Book. In
Addition to introducing? The techniques that underlie the black - scholes
Modelling framework we outline? The numerical techniques of trinomial trees
And
Monte carlo simulation for? Derivative pricing, which are used throughout the
Book.
In chapter 2 we discuss the? Analysis of spot energy prices. As? Well as
Analysing empirical price movements we propose a number of processes? That
Can
Be used to model the prices.? We look at the well - know process of geometric
Brownian motion as well as? Mean reversion, stochastic volatility and jump
Processes, discussing each and? Showing how they can be simulated and their
Parameters estimated.
Chapter 3, written by vince? Kaminski, grant masson and ronnie chahal of
Enron
Corp., discusses volatility? Estimation in energy commodity markets.? This
Chapter builds on the previous one. It examines in detail the methods,?
Merits
And pitfalls of the volatility estimation process assuming different? Pricing
Models introduced in chapter 2.? Examples from crude, gas, and electricity
Markets are used to illustrate? The technical and interpretative aspects of
Calculating volatility.
Chapter 4 examines forward curves? In the energy markets. Although? Such
Curves
Are well understood and straight - forward in the most financial? Markets, the
Difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well? Defined
Curves.
In this chapter we? Describe forward price bounds for energy prices and the
Building of forward? Curves from market instruments. We? Outline the three
Main
Approaches which have been applied to building forward? Curves in energy
Markets; the arbitrage approach, the econometric approach, and? Deriving
Analytical values by modelling underlying stochastic factors.
Chapter 5 presents an overview of? Structures found in the energy derivative
Markets and discusses their uses. Examples of products analysed in this
Chapter include a variety of swaps, caps, floors and collars, as well as
Energy
Swaptions, compound options, asian options, barrier options, lookback
Options,
And ladder options.
Chapter 6 investigates single and? MultI - factor models of the energy spot
Price
And the pricing of some standard? Energy derivatives. Closed form? Solutions
For forward prices, forward volatilities, and european option prices? Both on
The spot and forwards are derived and presented for all the models in? This
Chapter including a three factor, stochastic convenience yield and interest
Rate model.
Chapter 7 shows how the prices of? Path dependent and american style options
Can
Be evaluated for the models in? Chapter 6. Simulation schemes are? Developed
For the evaluation of european style options and applied to a variety? Of
Path
Dependent options. In order? To price options which incorporate early
Exercise
Opportunities, a trinomial? Tree scheme is developed. This tree? Is built to
Be
Consistent with the observed forward curve and can be used to? Price exotic
As
Well as standard european and american style options.
Chapter 8 describes a methodology? For valuing energy options based on
Modelling
The whole of the market observed? Forward curve. The approach results? In a
MultI - factor model that is able to realistically capture the evolution of a
Wide range of energy forward curves.? The user defined volatility structures
Can be of an extremely general? Form. Closed - form solutions are? Developed
For
Pricing standard european options, and efficient monte carlo? Schemes are
Presented for pricing exotic options. The chapter closes with a discussion of
The valuation of american style options.
Chapter 9 focuses on the risk? Management of energy derivative positions.?
In
This chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions? That
Trade options or other derivatives and who are then faced with the problem?
Of
Managing the risk through time.? We begin with delta hedging a portfolio
Containing derivatives and look? At extensions to gamma hedging?
Illustrating
The techniques using both spot and? Forward curve models. The general? Model
Presented in chapter 8 is ideally suited to multI - factor hedging of a?
Portfolio
Of energy derivatives and this is also discussed.
Chapter 10 examines the key risk? Management concept of value at risk (var)
Applied to portfolios containing? Energy derivative products. After?
Discussing
The concept of the measure, we look at how the key inputs? (volatilities,
Covariances, correlations, etc) can be estimated. We then compare the fours
Major? Methodologies for computing var; delta, delta - gamma, historical
Simulation and? Monte - carlo simulation, applying each to the same portfolio
Of
Energy? Options. In this chapter we also? Look at testing the var estimates
For
Various underlying energy market? Variables.
Finally, in chapter 11 we review? Modelling approaches to credit risk.? We
Look
In detail at two quite different approaches, creditmetrics (j. P. Morgan
(1997))
And? Creditrisk + (credit suisse financial? Products (1997)) for which
Detailed
Information is publicly available. Together these provide an extensive set?
Of
Tools with which to measure credit risk. We present numerical examples of
Applying these techniques to energy derivatives.
Before? We begin we stress that the models and methods we present in this
Book
Are tools? Which should be used with the benefit of an understanding of how
Both
The? Tool?? And the market works. The? Techniques we describe are certainly
Not
? Magic wands? Which can be waved at? Data and risk management problems to
Provide instant and perfect solutions. To quote from the riskmetrics
Technical
Document?? No amount of sophisticated analytics will replace experience and
Professional judgement in managing risk.?.? However, the right tools,
Correctly
Used make the job a lot? Easier!