Subject: enterprise risk management conference
It appears that things are filling up fast. Among the open topics listed,
" techniques for the clarification and quantification of operational risk
Within the energy industry" and" var, stress testing, and extreme value
Theory within an enterprise risk management framework" seem to be the best.
We have liberty to suggest our own topic, maybe along the lines of
Asset/liability management. Do you have a preference?
- kevin k.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall/corp/enron on 08/08/2000
04: 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" paul bristow" on 08/08/2000 10: 28: 37 am
Please respond to" paul bristow"
To:
Cc:
Subject: enterprise risk management conference
Dear kevin,
?
Following our telephone conversation, please find attached a summary of
Topics proposed for inclusion in the forthcoming enterprise risk management
Conference. Last year the event attracted over eighty delegates and more are
Expected this year. The conference will be held in houston on thursday 16 th
And friday 17 th november, with a pre - conference seminar on the 15 th. As we
Discussed, I would be delighted to invite enron to lead a session. I would
Be happy to consider any of the available sessions or if you have a session
That you feel is currently missing from the programme, do not hesitate to
Make a suggestion.
?
I have attached a file that gives an indication of the topics that have been
Identified so far. Although I have bullet points for the sessions I would
First like to identify interested parties and then work with them to develop
A session that reflects their particular expertise and experience. I also
Think that by continuously developing the points we can make greater
Allowances for continuity between each participant.
?
I look forward to speaking with you soon.
?
Yours sincerely,
?
Paul bristow, senior course and conference producer, eprm
+ 44 (0) 20 7484 9883
- maildoc. Doc