Subject: chairman' s award - supervisor announcement
Hello to each of you. I would like to let you know that I will be
Facilitating the 2000 chairman' s award program, a vision & values initiative
Designed to recognize those employees who daily embody enron' s values of
Respect, integrity, communication and excellence. This is an annual,
Employee - driven award which encourages employees to nominate their everyday
Heroes.
A critical component of the award process, and one in which ken lay has given
His full support, is the employee selection committee. This year' s selection
Committee is made up of a diverse representation from our workforce both in
The us and around the world. These individuals were chosen as last year' s
Chairman' s roundtable and have been invited to be part of this year' s
Employee selection committee. Their infallible enthusiasm for enron' s vision
& values will support the seamless transition from recognized winners to
Award decision - makers which is necessary to sustain the spirit of the award.
You are being notified because one of your employees is on this important
Committee. The time commitment will be primarily during the first two weeks
Of october when we will meet either in person or via video/phone
Conferencing to review the nominations and select the winners.
I hope you will congratulate and support them as this is a special honor to
Be asked to serve on the employee selection committee. If you have any
Questions at any time, please feel free to contact me via email or phone.
Warm regards,
Charla reese
713. 853. 5202
Members of the 2000 employee selection committee:
BillI aherns - omaha, ne
Bobbye brown - portland, or
Karen campos - houston, tx
Jaiprakash desaI - mumbai, india
Gary douthwaite - teeside, england
Donna johnson - portland, or
Janis hansen - portland, or
Gene lauritsen - beatrice, ne
Doug mcneilly - houston, tx
Kevin moore - houston, tx
Mason morris - jenkintown, pa
Craig sutter - houston, tx
Sue tihista - mandan, nd