Subject: interview & mike/christian
Dear vince,
1.
Quentin kerr,
We will be pleased to do the initial due diligence in an interview. Phil
Taylor is contacting quentin and getting him down our sydney office from his
University in the next state - queensland.
2.
Re: christian,
We will be very glad for christain to interact with houston research on"..
The weather forecasting technology.."
However, we are very skinny on w staff here (like christian is our one &
Only), and christian is doing much work for both the power & weather
Business.
I was thinking that we could run with our initial idea of having mike roberts
Come to sydney.
There is still time before the olympics!
Will keep you posted on quentin.
Regards
Raymond
Vince j kaminski@ ect
08/08/2000 06: 30 am
To: paul quilkey/enron _ development@ enron _ development, raymond
Yeow/enron _ development@ enron _ development
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, grant masson/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: thank you
Paul & raymond,
It took more than a few days to catch up after I came back from australia.
There are few things I would like to bring up to your attention.
First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality. I learned a lot
About the australian markets and was greatly impressed with the
Quality of the people at the sydney office.
1. The resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good.
I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help
You with a phone interview.
2. I have received another resume that looks very promising. I am
Very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over
To the states where we lack desperately technical talent.
Can you help us by interviewing him in sydney?
The main determination I need from you is whether he can
Function in a company like enron. As any good academic
He sent his resume in a ps format and I shall fax you a copy in case
You don' t have a postscript reader on your system.
3. Christian werner does some really neat things on
The weather front. I would like to determine if he can help
Us to upgrade our systems. Can we bring him to houston
For a week to discuss the weather forecasting technology with mike
Roberts and joe hrgovcic? I think that he could learn a lot
From mike and other weather guys here how we translate
Weather info into business - related information. I shall be glad to
Underwrite the cost of this trip.
Vince