Subject: re: info help.
HI niclas,
I am in the middle of preparing some presentations right now, so it might be
More productive to speak by phone (503 - 464 - 8430). Please leave your number,
If you get my voicemail.
To get you started, you might see if you can get access to the ferc gads
Database of plant forced and planned availability. It seems others in
Research have asked about this, so you may already have this at your
Disposal. The eia has a good electronic database of plant for and por
Available for free (http:// www. Nerc. Com/~esd /). I know alexios in re/ees has
This. If you wanted to do it the hard way, you can also ask jaison to access
The epa' s cems data he has summarized on a machine there in research. It
Contains hourly plant operation for every unit over about 50 mw, which you
Could aggregate up.
The wscc 10 - year forecast of new plant construction and loads is a good place
To start for plant construction information, but suffers from some notorious
" self - reporting" error. It is available in pdf form from the web site
Http:// www. Wscc. Com /. Other sources that should be more near - term, but more
Accurate are the cec inventory of plants (http:// www. Energy. Ca. Gov /) and the
Bpa whitebook (http:// www. Transmission. Bpa. Gov).
As far as basic economic data is concerned, you can either rely on the
Reported utility forecasts for loads, or you can go to fundamental data. The
Ultimate source of the census data collected by the us dept of commerce,
Which you can buy on cdrom for cheap. It would have this kind of information
By sic code, by zip code. You may also have access to one of the economic
Forecasting businesses (wharton' s wefa, dri, etc.) they have this in highly
Digested and complete form.
Btw, tim heizenrader, who runs fundamental analysis and research on the west
Desk, is a sharp cookie and should have all this under control. Is your
Client aware of this resource?
Give me a buzz and we can talk more,
Michael
> > > niclas egmar/hou/ees@ enron 08/14/00 12: 49 pm > > >
Michael,
I' m an analyst in the research group. I would like your help with finding
Some information specific for the west coast. A new analyst on the west power
Desk needs information on planned outages and planned new generation. He is
Studying the long - term fundamentals of electricity volatility on the west
Coastso so he also needs info on housing starts, computer sales or industrial
Production figures for computer manufacturing, growth of start - up companies,
And population stats.
Any help in finding the needed info would be greatly appreciated. Contact me
Or daniel kang (new analyst).
Niclas
- text. Htm