Subject: re: the garp 2001 convention: invitation to speak
Andreas,
This looks ok. I look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you.
Vince
" andreas simou" on 08/17/2000 11: 49: 29 am
To:
Cc:
Subject: re: the garp 2001 convention: invitation to speak
Dear mr kaminski
Thank you very much for agreeing to speak at the garp 2001 convention.
I will be sending you a formal letter of confirmation in the next few days,
In the meantime I have selected the session below for you and included some
Preliminary details; are these correct? I apologize if your details are not
Correct but this is the information that was available to me. Is the title
Of the session to you liking, or would you like to' spice it up' a little?
Measuring energy risk - tackling price volatility, adapting var, scenario
Modelling and regulatory requirements
Vince kaminski, head of quantitative research, enron energy
Once again, thank you for agreeing to participate and I look forward to
Working with you on this event.
Kind regards
Andreas
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From:
To:
Cc:
Sent: thursday, august 17, 2000 5: 22 pm
Subject: re: the garp 2001 convention: invitation to speak
Andreas,
I shall be glad to speak. I can address topic 2 or 4
(energy risk or volatility).
Vince kaminski
" andreas simou" on 08/15/2000 09: 58: 26
Am
To:
Cc:
Subject: the garp 2001 convention: invitation to speak
Invitation to speak
Garp 2001
The 2 nd annual risk management convention
13 (superscript: th) & 14 (superscript: th) february, 2001? Marriott world
Trade center, new york
Dear kaminski
Further to my telephone conversation today with your secretary, shirley
Crenshaw, and on behalf of the global association of risk professionals, i
Have great pleasure in inviting you to speak at our 2 (superscript: nd)
Annual risk management convention? Garp 2001.
This event has rapidly establishing itself as the risk management
Industry' s most important meeting point. Garp 2000 reflected the key
Concerns of risk management experts world - wide, with over 400 attendees in
Its first year. Three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing and
Risk management techniques, along with specialised streams addressing new
Sectors, such as the corporate world and the insurance industry. With a
Speaker panel of over 55 senior and executive financial professionals from
Investment banks, regulatory bodies, asset management firms, academics,
Insurers/re - insurers, corporate and system providers this is the financial
Risk management event of the year.
Key areas that this convention will consider include market risk (stress
Testing, liquidity, jump diffusion, evt), credit risk (regulation,
Modeling, stress testing, credit portfolio management, credit
Derivatives), operational risk, (regulation, data, modeling, validation,
Evt) advanced asset & liability management, corporate/energy risk
Management and the insurance & capital markets.
From my research and discussions with experts in this arena your name was
Highly recommended as a speaker for this event. Below is the stream on
Corporate/energy risk management and I had in mind one of the sessions
Below for you. Also, the topic titles are provisional and I am open to
Suggested alterations.
Corporate/energy risk management
Modelling corporate risk? Risk management from a shareholder value
Perspective
Measuring energy risk? Tackling price volatility, adapting var,
Scenario modelling and regulatory requirements
Forward pricing? Construction of the forward curve, correlations,
Transparency issues
The volatility challenge? Modelling price volatility and examining the
New products designed to stabilise volatility
Energy credit risk management
Garp is a not - for - profit, independent organisation of risk management
Practitioners and researchers from leading financial institutions
World - wide. Garp' s mission is to facilitate the exchange of information,
Developing educational programs and promoting standards in the area of
Financial risk management. For more information please refer to our web
Site: www. Garp. Com
I sincerely hope you will be able to accept this invitation and I look
Forward to hearing from you in due course. Should you have any questions
Please do not hesitate to contact me, otherwise I will call you again on
To discuss this further.
Best regards
Andreas
Ps I have also attached a copy of garps 2000 program for your attention.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Andreas simou
Garp 2001 - conference producer
Tel + 44 (0) 20 7626 9301
Fax + 44 (0) 20 7626 9900
(see attached file: draft programme. Doc)
(see attached file: g 2000 b & wlowr. Pdf)