Subject: invitation - wharton et events
Mark,
Fyi.
What about going to wharton in october to attend the e - commerce conference?
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 08/18/2000
11: 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tomczyk@ wharton. Upenn. Edu (michael tomczyk) on 08/15/2000 01: 37: 34 pm
To: vkamins@ enron. Com
Cc: thomas. Piazze@ wharton. Upenn. Edu
Subject: invitation - wharton et events
Vince hello,
I just wanted to followup up on our meeting at wharton and let you know
That there are two upcoming events that you may want to attend - or
Designate others from enron to attend. Both of these events are good
Opportunities to" test drive" the emerging technologies program and see if
There is an interest in joining our partner group.
September 8 - what next on the internet?
Our next insight - building event will be held at wharton on friday,
September 8 and is entitled" what next on the internet?"
This is primarily a wharton faculty event and we will be exploring 3 areas:
1) the new economics on the web, 2) internet, anywhere, and 3)
Implications for (academic) research and education. Speakers will include
Jay walker (priceline. Com), david farber (chief technologist at the fcc)
And mohan sawhney (kellog univ., one of the nation' s thought leaders on
E - commerce), along with several senior wharton faculty members.
There will be considerable discussion on how the next generation of the
Internet will evolve and the implications for management and management
Research. We are inviting our industry partners to join us at this event,
And participate in the discussion, which should contain some valuable
Insights and also provides an opportunity to help set our research agenda.
You are most welcome to participate, or designate a colleague, if you like.
October 19 & 20 - winners & losers in the e - commerce shakeout
This will be a major impact conference to explore the coming internet
Shakeout, and apply some of the traditional shakeout measures to e - commerce
And try to determine what we can expect. It should be an intriguing day.
If you plan to attend please rsvp early since we are sure to be
" overbooked" for this event. This is probably the best showcase for our
Insight - building activities, if you would like to invite any colleagues
Help determine if it makes sense for enron to become a partner in the et
Program.
If you' d like to rsvp for you and any colleagues who would like to attend
One or both of the events described above, send me an email reply and i' ll
Send you a more detailed agenda and speaker description, etc.
I' ll be on vacation the rest of this week but if you have any questions or
Comments you can call or email me next week.
Best regards,
Michael
Michael s. Tomczyk
Managing director
Emerging technologies management research program
1400 sh - dh/6371
The wharton school
Philadelphia, pa 19104 - 6371
Tel 215 - 573 - 7722
Fax 215 - 573 - 2129