Subject: giuseppe' s bio
Vince,
I will take care of the few typos, capitalizations, etc., but I wanted to get
This to you asap. He has a fine sense of humor!
Sam
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith/corp/enron on 08/28/2000
12: 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: giuseppe paleologo@ enron communications on 08/28/2000 12: 11 pm
To: william smith/corp/enron@ enron
Cc:
Subject: re: hello!
I landed in the research group as a summer associate at the end of june,
Straight from sunny palo alto, where I am pursuing a phd in management
Science and engineering. Since my area of research is the performance
Evaluation and economic analysis of communication networks, enron is" the"
Place to be: enron broadband services has the first mover' s advantage in this
Field, and nearly every decision requires an understanding of both data
Networks and financial mathematics. Enron has most of the needed skills to
Succeed, and the right attitude. After two months here, I am more convinced
Than ever that the best is still to come.
I am from rome, italy, where I have spent most of my life (my pre - columbian
Period, properly speaking). Italy is the nation known among americans for
Having invented the pasta alfredo and for having elected a porn star as a
Member of parliament. The former allegation is indeed false: pasta alfredo is
Quintessential american. About the latter, one of my dubious achievement is
To have interviewed the aforementioned member of parliament about her
Political agenda, receiving predictably fuzzy answers.
As many members of the research groups, my background is in physics. I fell
In love with operation research and management science while working for a
Large it consulting firm in italy, and wanted to learn more. I have been a
Student at stanford university since then. Studying there has been a very
Enjoyable experience, and I am sorry I will have to leave it sometime soon.
Management science is not the only hobby in my life. I am an avid
Motorcyclist, and am a lifelong student of argentine tango. I also like
Reading (a skill I learned in lst grade and has never failed me), in
Particular 20 th century english, italian and french poetry.
William smith@ enron
08/11/00 02: 10 pm
To: giuseppe paleologo/enron communications@ enron communications
Cc:
Subject: hello!
Giuseppe,
I' m sam smith and among other things i' m the department newsletter editor.
Are you going to be leaving after today or will you be around next week? If
You' ll be around, i' d love for you to write a short bio piece for the
Newsletter. Have a look at some recent issues for examples. If you' ll be
Here monday morning, I can get a quick photo.
If not, then i' m sorry I missed you!
Sam