Subject: re: enron open positions
Maruti,
What about september 8, friday?
Vince
" more" on 08/25/2000 03: 27: 26 pm
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: enron open positions
Hello mr. Kaminski,
Can we meet for a quick lunch again at your
Convenience? Just to bring you up to date about my search for the right
Opportunity. Also I noticed in the risk magazine that enron investment
Partners and aig have joined treasuryconnect as strategic partners to
Capitalize on internet - based transaction execution of financial derivatives.
I would like to explore if I can be any help to hank finkenstaedt, the
Director of enron investment partners.
Please let me know what day and time might be
Convenient for you.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
MarutI more
832 - 251 - 7267
Mmore@ houston. Rr. Com
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: more
To: vince j kaminski
Date: monday, july 10, 2000 11: 28 am
Subject: enron open positions
Dear mr. Kaminski:
I would like to explore the opportunity to join
Enron investment partners. I understand that enron has $20 million fund set
Up to finance start - ups, and gene humphreys and his assistant john godbold
Are trying to attract minority - owned start - up firms. I also learned that
Enron has plans to increase the size of this fund to $200 million. I can find
These opportunities for enron around the globe. Given my background as a
Chartered financial analyst, with hands - on experience in investment
Management covering financial derivatives, fixed income, and equity, I can be
A valuable resource to do the due diligence, origination, valuation, and
Monitoring of these start - ups. Would you please help me arrange a meeting
With either gene humphreys, ted murphy, or may be ken lay?
I am pasting below the job opportunities open at enron. I am also interested
In these positions and would like to meet with the hiring manager.
I will give you a call to follow up.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
MarutI more
832 - 251 - 7267
Job 0000104282 details
Manager/director
Essential functions: candidates will be responsible for helping
Facilitate the transaction approval process for domestic and international
Investments. These investments include, but are not limited to, private
Equity, project development, venture capital, and structured credits.
Candidates will work with business developers and underwriters in
Identifying, understanding, and documenting transaction risks. They will also
Assist in preparing transaction approval documentation. In addition, they
Will oversee the valuation, modeling, and simulation process for investments.
The primary focus is to identify and measure key risk factors from both a
Quantitative and a qualitative perspective with an emphasis on fundamental
Analysis. The candidate must be able to assist in management and training of
Departmental staff and in formulation of investment valuation policies and
Procedures.
Essential requirements:? Strong interpersonal skills?
Understanding of transaction structuring and credit risk issues?
Understanding of finance and valuation methodologies.? Proficiency with
Excel cash flow models? Experience with financial statement analysis?
Understanding of statistics and simulation techniques (monte carlo).
Preferred skills: na.
Special characteristics: the ideal candidate will possess an
Undergraduate degree in finance, accounting, or economics, and an mba.
Relevant experience could include credit analysis or valuation/finance
Experience. Manager/director in the risk assessment department of a $20
Billion energy company.
Contact: please email resumes to corpjobsl@ enron. Com, please
Refer to job no. 104282 when responding.
Job id 0000104282
Department capital pricing/risk an
Company corporate staff
Risk assessment and control
Location houston, tx
Type
Posting date 05 - jun - 00
To submit your resume for this position:
Online enter your resume id: no resume id? You can create a
Resume on - line, deposit it in our database, and receive a resume id using our
Resume builder.
Your resume id will allow you to submit your resume
Once, but route it to up to 20 open positions. Enron does not process resumes
That are not sent in response to specific positions.
If you have an existing resume in electronic format,
The resume builder allows you to cut and paste your whole resume.
Fax our fax number is 1 - 888 - 588 - 7152.
You must tell us which jobs you' re interested in, or
We will not be able to process your resume. Write on your resume (or on a
Separate page) all of the jobs ids of the jobs you' re interested in pursuing.
An equal opportunity and affirmative action employer
Top of page copyright 1997 - 1999 enron corp. All rights
Reserved. Contact us.
Job 0000104281 details
Staff/spec/sr spec
Essential functions:" snapshot" preparation - responsible for
Preparation of quarterly asset" snapshots" which provides enron' s senior
Management with summarized operational and financial information on selected
Merchant portfolio investments. Responsibilities associated with preparation
Of snapshots include: researching publicly traded companies, calculating key
Financial data, updating and analyzing graphical summaries of performance,
Reviewing press releases for recent events data, updating stock prices from
Bloomberg? Weekly underwriters report - full responsibility for updating and
Distributing weekly underwriters' report. Involves regular interaction with
Executive vice president, london office personnel, as well as several vice
Presidents within underwriting group within rac.? Various projects - will be
Utilized on special projects on an as needed basis
Essential requirements: accounting/finance/economics degree with
0 - 4 years business experience. Excellent computer skills - excel,
Powerpoint, bloomberg, word research skills and the ability to interact with
A variety of personnel and departments. Excellent organization skills. Self
Starter, quick learner. Must be team player. Good writing skills with the
Ability to concisely summarize operational and financial results.
Preferred skills: na.
Special characteristics:. Entry level position with the
Opportunity to gain familiarity with all of enron' s portfolio assets. Future
Advancement in asset and portfolio management possible for candidate who
Exhibits competence and creativity.
Contact: please email resumes to enajobsl@ enron. Com, please refer
To job no. 104281 when responding.
Job id 0000104281
Department due diligence/asset mgmt
Company corporate staff
Risk assessment and control
Location houston, tx
Type
Posting date 05 - jun - 00
Job 0000102789 details
Sr specialist
Essential functions: in this position candidates will model, run
Monte - carlo simulations, evaluate capital investments. These investments will
Cover a wide range. Candidates will be responsible for the validation of
Models as well as insuring the accuracy and integrity of the model and
Underlying assumptions. The primary focus will be to provide an objective
Valuation for an investment by identifying and measuring key risk factors
From both a quantitative as well as qualitative perspective.? Understanding
Of valuation techniques applied to equity or structured financial products.?
Understanding of cash flow models and option pricing models.? Proficiency in
Excel.? Understanding of project finance and risk mitigation techniques.?
Experience with financial statement analysis and pro forma statements.?
Understanding of statistics and application to financial analysis.
Essential requirements: na.
Preferred skills:? Understanding of simulation methodologies
Such as montecarlo.? Exposure to statistical analysis software such as
Crystal ball or@ risk. The ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate
Degree in finance, accounting, or economics and have 2 to 3 years of
Financial modeling experience and an mba/cpa.
Special characteristics: na.
Contact: please do not contact the hiring manager. Please no
Faxes. Send resumes via e - mail to corpjobsl@ enron. Com or mail to enron, attn:
Tvasut - eb 3628, 1400 smith st., houston, tx 77002. Please refer to job #
102789
Job id 0000102789
Department capital pricing/risk an
Company corporate staff
Risk assessment and control
Location houston, tx
Type
Posting date 17 - mar - 00
- attl. Htm