Subject: re: eprm article
Chris,
This is very well written and will serve the reader well. A few comments.
1. When I think about the taxonomy of the var models, I typically use the
Classification based on 3 categories:
A. Variance/covariance method
B. Historical simulation
C. Monte carlo simulation.
Delta approach is the way of representing a position in a nonlinear
Instrument.
2. I would define monte carlo as an approach based on statistical simulation
Of behavior of
All the market prices/rates, etc., and revaluation of the entire portfolio.
The revaluation may be based on an approximation (using taylor' s expansion)
That may
Involve delta, delta/gamma, delta/gamma/omega or may be exact (based on the
Same
Model that produces the mark - to - market portfolio valuations).
The main benefit of using the mc simulation in the energy markets is the
Ability to capture
The gapping behavior of the energy markets in a straightforward way. I would
Emphasize that
There are attempts to incorporate jumps in the v/c model (I shall send you
The references
From home).
3. I would mention that historical simulation may break down in the markets
That are evolving
Quickly (new instruments for which we have no comparable prices,
Behavior of prices may change as markets mature or de - mature).
4. For bigger portfolios, virtually all methods require some level of
Aggregation into
Atomic, elemental instruments to reduce the dimensionality of the problem.
This process may be a source of a big error.
5. The computational burden of mc can be reduced through clever preprocessing
Of a portfolio that introduces no error. Many swaps with the same underlying
Can be aggregated into one positions (they are portfolios of forwards and
They are linear
Instruments).
Please, feel free to use any comment (or none).
Vince
" chris strickland" on 08/28/2000 02: 58: 56 pm
Please respond to" chris strickland"
To:
Cc:
Subject: eprm article
Dear vince,
?
D you think you might be able to look at this in the next day or so? Robin
Is after something by the end of this week.
?
Best regards.
?
Chris.
?
- eprm _ 01 _ var. Doc