Subject: re: informal exploratory interview with enron research group
Valeria:
Thank you for your prompt response.
I have arranged the following schedule for your interviews. Please let me
Know if any of the times are inconvenient.
Wednesday, september 13 th:
3: 30 pm vince kaminski, managing director
4: 00 pm grant masson, vice president
4: 30 pm tanya tamarchenko, director
5: 00 pm kevin kindall, manager
When you enter the lobby of the enron bldg., go to the security area and
They will call me on the telephone to let us know you are here and will
Give you a visitor' s security pass.
Your interviews will be held in ebl 938.
Have a great weekend and we will see you on the 13 th of september.
Best regards,
Shirley crenshaw
Valeria. I. Stone@ exxon. Sprint. Com on 09/01/2000 08: 43: 27 am
To: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re: informal exploratory interview with enron research group
Date: september 1, 2000
From: stone, v. I. (valeria) vistone - americas
To: ext - shirley. Crenshaw (a) enron. Co shirlecl - fpexmail
Subject: re: informal exploratory interview with enron research group
I want to thank you for giving me this excellent opportunity to meet with
Enron research group. I would be my pleasure to visit with you any time
After 3 pm september 12 - 15 th. If this time frame is not suitable for you,
Please let me know. Also, it would be preferable for me to schedule the
Interview as late as you can in the afternoon or as early in the morning as
Possible.
As I has already mentioned above, I am very honored by the interest
Displayed by enron research group in interviewing me. I believe your company
Displays an excellent example of the well respected leader of the energy
Industry. Enron' s overall orientation of staying on the cutting edge of
Technology (with such breathtaking projects as e - commerce development) will
Make the employment with enron very interesting, pleasant, and rewarding
Experience. Furthermore, it will provide me with an excellent opportunity to
Make the contribution to your company' s continuing growth and profit.
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: fpexmail (shirlecl)
Sent: thursday, august 31, 2000 5: 29 pm
To: stone, v. I. (valeria)
Subject: informal exploratory interview with enron research group
Ms. Stone:
Your resume was forwarded to the enron research group and they would
Like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience.
Please let me know your availability the week of september 11 th. The
Individuals that would like to interview you are:
Vince kaminski
Grant masson
Kevin kindall
Tanya tamarchenko
They will need approximately 30 minutes each (2 - 2 1/2 hours)
You may reach me at 713/853 - 5290 or by email: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Shirley crenshaw
Administrative coordinator
Enron research group