Subject: rice/enron finance seminar series
Rice/enron finance seminar series participants:
We are getting ready to kick off the 2000/2001 enron finance seminar series
At rice university.
You can find the current schedule at http:// www. Ruf. Rice. Edu/~jgsfss /.
Note that this is a new web address.
For your convenience, here are the dates and speakers lined up so far:
Sept 22 jeff pontiff, u. Of washington
Sept 29 len mirman, u. Of virginia
Oct 6 charles lee, cornell
Oct 13 george allayannis, darden
Oct 20 william goetzmann, yale
Nov 17 yacine ait - sahalia, princeton (joint seminar with rice economics)
Mar 9 paul schultz, notre dame
Apr 27 luigI zingales, u. Of chicago
Lined up for the spring but date not yet scheduled:
Tim bollerslev, duke university
Matthew richardson, new york university
As changes are made to the schedule, I will notify the distribution list.
In addition, as we have done in the past, we will post the abstract and a
Downloadable version of the paper (if available) to the website a week or
Two before the seminar. The website will also provide a link to the
Speaker' s homepage so you can access his or her biographical
Information. If the paper is not available at the website, I will send a
Hardcopy to interested jones school faculty, to felecia jones (economics),
Latha ramchand (university of houston), and vince kaminskI (enron).
I will e - mail an announcement before each seminar, reminding you of the
Seminar date, time, and location. The distribution list will include
Everyone that receives this e - mail. Please contact me at ostdiek@ rice. Edu
If you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of
Someone who should be added (new phd students, new faculty, etc.).
Bbo
Barbara ostdiek
Assistant professor of finance
Jones graduate school of management
Rice university
6100 main street - ms 531
Houston, tx 77005 - 1892
713 - 348 - 5384 (voice)
713 - 348 - 5251 (fax)
Ostdiek@ rice. Edu
Www. Ruf. Rice. Edu/~ostdiek /