Subject: energy finance critiques
David,
Here are the reviews of the ut energy finance program that you requested:
From jennifer martinez (mba class of 1999, energy finance taken fall of
1998):
The energy finance program 2 years ago was very good, especially considering
It was the first year of the program. There were a lot of guest speakers
From various energy companies who gave us a lot of practical knowledge about
The energy industry through case studies, lectures, etc. Basically, we
Learned all the same finance concepts and tools as in the regular finance
Classes, but all the cases and examples were energy - related. The professors
Were good for the most part but didn' t have a great deal of practical
Industry experience. If I had to guess the reason for decreased
Participation in the program, I would probably say it is the professors.
Ronn and titman are great but known as being very technical and
Quantitative. Some students prefer less technical professors and classes
That aren' t limiting to the energy industry. Also, the fact that the class
Meets for 3 hours twice a week may not be so appealing. Other than those
Things, I can' t imagine why there has been such a drop in enrollment. I
Especially don' t understand why every single person didn' t drop for enron. I
Wonder if it has something to do with international status.???
From john massey (mba class of 1999, energy finance taken fall of 1998):
Bottom line -
Ut business schools is great - investment fund - best activity available to
Students
Energy finance program - fairly weak -
It was a watered down version of the futures options class crossed with a
Weak finance appendage -
The finance teacher was pathetic - both a poor teacher, ignorant about
Industry specific analysis, devoid of industry experience, rude to outside
Lectures (from industry)
Keith brown was the only educator that was any good and he only had a small
Portion of the class time -
Way to make better:
Get teachers with practical industry experience -
Make it a seminar class - focus on case studies, lectures - given by people
From industry -
Promote the class within the business school - I felt like ut did a poor job
Of internally (to students) promoting the class -
- - - - - - - - - - -
From ross mesquita (mba class of 1999, energy finance taken fall of 1998):
To be honest, a great majority of the coursework was not energy specific.
When energy applications were presented, it seemed more like general finance
Questions were reworded to include energy lingo. We had some very good
Speakers, but for the most part, I did not feel like the 6 hours of class had
Enough energy focus. I assumed that this would get better as the program
Progressed.
One reason that may account for the decline in enrollment is that energy
Finance is a very specific focus. I would have probably not enrolled in the
Energy finance program had it been available in my first year. I did not
Know enough about energy at that time and I had returned to b - school to
Consider several career options - - i. E., investment banking, corporate
Finance, entrepreneurship, marketing, etc. As a new mba student, I would not
Want to narrow my window of opportunities to only energy companies.
Here is my perspective and probably something that is true of many mbas - -
My interest in enron brought me to the energy industry and not vice versa.
- - - - - - - - - -
From billy braddock (mba class of 1999, energy finance taken fall of 1998):
I was a participant in the inaugural energy finance program in the fall of
1998. The primary positives to the class revolved around outside
Panels/instruction. For example, enron sent representatives on 2 separate
Occasions to discuss particular topics (vince kaminskI and gary hickerson).
Other notable speakers were jeff sandefer (independent business consultant
And e & p professional), the beacon group, and encap investments. Another good
Speaker was a professor from ut' s school of engineering. He brought a good
Perspective as to the" basics" of the energy business.
The class was structured via a team - based instruction approach, with 3
Professors team - teaching a 6 - hour credit course. None of the 3 professors
Had any product knowledge of the energy business. Of the 3 professors, 2
Were research focussed/tenured with little credibility in" teaching." one of
The professors primary focus of research was fixed income, while the other 2
Were investments and corporate finance, respectively.
As is the case for ut' s finance program in general, and energy finance in
Particular, ut is in dire need of teaching professors (as opposed to research
Professors) that have the ability to convey finance with practical examples
And at a level that can be more easily be understood by students without a
Finance background. Particular to the energy program, ut needs to have more
Instruction from energy professionals (such as the instructors used for
Enron' s internal learning programs (ie. Derivatives classes, etc.).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From bryan williams (mba class of 1999, energy finance taken fall of 1998):
I participated in the first energy finance class offered in fall of 1998, at
The university of texas.
The curriculum was understandably  & rough around the edges  8 as 1998 was the
First year the energy finance course was offered. However, the instruction
Also suffered as none of the instructors had any energy background to speak
Of (the 6 - credit hour class was team taught by three tenured professors).
Two of the three professors have co - authored textbooks, and the third
Professor , s claim to fame is fixed income. As a group, the three professors
Are research - heavy (as opposed to industry focused), and the team - teaching
Format did not incent any one of the profs to be personably accountable for
The success of the class.
That said, the instructors did a good job attracting some top notch outside
Speakers. Among them: vince
KaminskI & gary hickerson, both of enron. They also dedicated one class
Period to a video conference call with the beacon group, an energy consulting
Group that I believe was recently acquired by goldman.
Jeff sandefer, an independent businessman, an entreprenuership instructor,
And one of the foremost experts in the e
- there are some experienced, brand - name professors (e. G. Sheridan titman)
Teaching in the program;
Cons:
- the program should give the students more exposures to energy companies
Such as enron. Specifically, it might need to help students link to the
Interview oppurtunites from these energy companies such as enron;
From george huan (mba class of 2000, energy finance taken fall of 1999):
Companies expect mba students to have both general management (new ideas) and
Analytic (quantative) skills. Energy industry is no exception.
Energy finance program offers financial strategy and risk managements courses
Which fit in the insudtry need. However, these two courses are far from
Enough to help students understand the dynemic of industrial transformation
And excitements and opportunities in this industry. Other management and
Quantitive courses are needed to complete this program.
My suggestions:
1) seminars or lectures about energy industry and energy companies. Before
Students make their decisions, let them know: what' s happening and what' s
Going to happen in this industry; what the companies are doing now; who
They are looking for.
2) management and/or analytical courses should be included. Such as:
Strategy, financial enginering and real option.
3) more industry connections. Presentations and discussions.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From charlie weldon (mba class of 2000, energy finance taken in fall of 1999)
My experience in the energy finance program overall was a positive
Experience. The most rewarding part of the class was the guest speakers
Brought in during dr. Titman' s portion of the class. This part of the course
Is taught in the second half of the semester and consisted of ~10 case
Classes all focusing on the energy industry. Two of the cases were based on
Enron, and overall the case selection in my opinion was very appropriate and
Well thought out. Value added by the professor was less than from the
Speakers and cases.
The first eight weeks of the course covered futures and options. Nearly all
Of the examples and problems discussed pertained directly to the energy
Industry and special emphasis was placed on increasing the student' s
Understanding of the supply and demand dynamics in the power market. The use
Of options and futures for speculating and/or hedging was stressed on
Numerous occasions and a decent attempt at explaining how to value a power
Plant project.
I believe that the university energy finance faculty are trying to
Continuously make improvements to the program. However, I do not believe
That they are moving fast enough or necessarily down the right path to
Improvement. There is a strong need for more practical based training on
Energy derivatives similar to the course taught by paradigm here at enron.
The focus of the university teachers is quite theoretical, due in large part
To their background. While the theoretical basis is crucial to understanding
The basics, the real value of such a program in my opinion is the effective
Bridging of the theoretical with the practical all in one course.
Until measures are taken to inject practicality from someone with extensive
Industry experience, I believe the energy finance program will continue to
Underdeliver on its objectives. Additionally, I believe that the course
Structure should be changed to eliminate the need of having 3 consecutive
Hours of classroom instruction.