Subject: enron global messaging announcement
Over the last few months, we have been discussing our standard e - mail
Platform with you, our customer. Your feedback from the various
Demonstrations, surveys and technology showcases validated that e - mail is a
Vital part of your ability to communicate effectively. However, your
Feedback also indicated that you need your e - mail client to have additional
Functionality and increased integration with other applications you use.
Therefore, to meet the demands of our fast - paced business, enron net works is
Standardizing our e - mail platform by deploying microsoft outlook 2000 to all
The business units we currently support for messaging. (project plans for
Ebs, ees and azurix are still being finalized and will be communicated
Separately.)
This conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 will improve your ability to
Communicate and provide a more consistent look and feel across the standard
Office applications you use on a daily basis. We are excited about this
Opportunity to provide a more robust, full function solution for your
Messaging needs. To provide you with additional details about the
Conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000, we are including a list of
Frequently asked questions about this project.
How does this project affect me?
Your current lotus notes e - mail system will be converted to microsoft outlook
2000.
What is microsoft outlook 2000?
Outlook 2000 is the messaging client you will use to read your e - mail, update
Your calendar and personal address book, record to do lists, etc.
Why are we switching to outlook 2000?
Outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with our new operating system,
Windows 2000, and the microsoft products that enron currently uses. With
Outlook 2000, we can provide you with a more robust mail platform including
The following new features:
Instant messaging ) ability to send person - to - person, immediate, pop - up
Messages.
Improved palm/ce synchronization ) allows for simpler and quicker updates of
Your hand held device from multiple places.
Conferencing server ) ability to conduct video conferences from your desktop.
Web access ) ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser.
Fax integration ) ability to send/receive faxes from your e - mail inbox.
Voice mail integration ) ability to have your voice mail delivered to your
E - mail inbox for retrieval.
When will the outlook 2000 rollout start and when will I get it?
The pilot will begin in late october with the production rollout beginning in
Late november. We are finalizing our business unit rollout schedule.
Additional information will be provided to all business units as it becomes
Available. Project updates will be posted on the project section of the it
Central web site at http:// itcentral. Enron. Com. Additionally, you may send
Questions to outlook. 2000@ enron. Com, and a member of the project team will be
Happy to address these individually.