Subject: resume of mark giancola
Attached is the resume of mark giancola. Mark is the husband of penny pan, a
Uva business school student for whom I was mentor last summer. Penny has
Received a permanent offer and is inclined to accept if her husband can find
Suitable employment in houston. As you will see from his resume, mark has
Worked as an economist in the public and private sectors for the past 2. 5
Years. Mark is interested in a role where he can use his abilities to
Analyze political, credit currency and related risks. Please let me know if
You have any interest. Thanks, rich
John: is there a place here in enroncredit. Com?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Penny mentioned that you might have some ideas about job opportunities
In houston for someone with my background. As you know, penny was
Pleased to receive an offer from enron and I plan to earnestly look into
The houston job market myself.
The weeks leading up to the annual imf/world bank meetings are one of
The busiest times of year for us, but now that they are over I have had a
Chance to update my resume (attached). I would be grateful if you
Would take a look and pass it on to anyone you think might be interested.
As you will see, most of my background is policy related, and most
Recently international economic policy. However the skills I have
Developed have applicability in the private sector as well. For example, a
Large part of my job at the treasury involves sovereign risk analysis.
Two possible avenues I see for building on this knowledge are: 1)
Applying my knowledge to decisions regarding allocation of global
Financial assets; or 2) identifying risks facing a mutinational company and
Developing strategies to reduce that risk.
I should mention that in addition to my economics training I do understand
Basic finance, and I am preparing to begin the cfa. I should also note
That the work environment here at the treasury is quite fast paced, with
Constant deadlines and a great deal of pressure placed on economists. I
Tend to work 55 + hours per week so I do not expect I would need to
Adjust signifiantly if I were to move to the private sector.
I greatly appreciate your taking the time to look at my resume and giving
Some thought to where I might look. I welcome any comments and ideas
You might have.
Thanks,
Mark giancola
P. S. The formatting on my resume seems to change whenever I e - mail it;
Let me know if you prefer that I fax it to you.
- resume 8. Doc