Subject: re: power play book
Vince,
You are a saint for lending me a copy of your book. I agree with you that we
Don' t want increase there revenues even by a $1. 00, although my
Recommendation (and mark palmer' s as well) is that we should pursue a
Rebuttal for the following reasons:
As I mentioned I scoured the internet (britannica. Com, amazon. Com, yahoo. Com
And dow jones) and could not find one mention of the book, therefore mr.
Mehta' s distribution must not be wide at all. Consequently, his comments may
Not have reached a large audience. Issuing a rebuttal, may in fact, draw
More attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving.
I believe we should proceed with caution, and respond accordingly (with
Counter comments) only when comments are solicited from us. So far, we have
Not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr. Mehta' s
Enron bashing. May be we should' leave the stones unturned'.
Let me know what you think. Also, please contact me when it is convenient
For me to borrow the book from you.
Regards,
Cindy
Vince j kaminski@ ect
10/12/2000 03: 38 pm
To: cindy derecskey/corp/enron@ enron
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: re: power play book
Cindy,
I got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in
India.
I can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important
Chapters.
I don' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of
The book.
In general, I think that we should counter the presentations made by mr.
Mehta. The person in charge of
Our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an
Invitation
To speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are. He should be
Here for the management
Conference.
Vince
From: cindy derecskey@ enron on 10/11/2000 01: 30 pm
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc: christie patrick/hou/ect@ ect, michael b rosen/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: power play book
Good afternoon vince,
Christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently
Attended at stanford. At this coference abahy mehta discussed his/her
Recently published book' power play' - that certainly does not flatter
Enron. I have conducted a search on amazon. Com, britannica. Com and dow jones
And I am coming up empty handed. Would you be kind enough to briefly trouble
Your wife to provide any other information she may remember, so I can narrow
My search.
I greatly appreciate it.
Regards,
Cindy