Subject: organization announcement
We are pleased to announce the following organization changes within enron
Global markets (egm).
Larry lawyer will be joining egm effective immediately to lead our new
Finance activities. In this role, he will work with all commodity products,
Assets, and teams worldwide to lever our existing businesses with this new
Focus. Larry has worked as treasurer and was responsible for 3 rd party
Financing for ebs for the last year. He has worked for enron for 4 1/2 years
In various positions in the finance area. He will be reporting to the office
Of the chairman.
Eric gonzales will be joining the lng team and will co - head this effort with
Rick bergsieker. We believe there is significant opportunity in the
Worldwide lng markets, and eric will direct all merchant activity and focus
On the atlantic regions of the world. He will also manage the lng shipping
Book. Eric is located in the london office and also has responsibility for
Leading the newly formed pool markets origination group reporting to joe
Gold.
Rick bergsieker has relocated to dubai, in the uae. He is responsible for
All middle east activities and projects, managing the puerto rico assets and
Will co - head the worldwide lng efforts. Rick has over 20 years of lng
Experience and together, he and eric will form an outstanding leadership team
As we expand enron , s lng activities around the world. They both will report
To the office of the chairman.
Jennifer fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for
All products in egm, much like ena natural gas and power fundamentals and
Intranet pages existing today. Previously, jennifer was working in the mid
Market origination group. Heather purcell will be joining this group
Developing the commercial interface for our intranet page. Heather was with
Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for their ebusiness
Initiatives.
Gary hickerson will be chairing our traders , roundtable. This new group will
Be comprised of traders across enron' s wholesale trading and risk management
Businesses. This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics
Important to their individual markets, and to learn and explore other markets
In a macro sense. Also, we will be forming a cross - commodity trading group.
Traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will
Have the opportunity to join this group and to exploit cross - commodity
Opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets. This group
Will not be involved in customer activity and will execute through our
Principal desks. Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing
With his current f/x, rates, equity, and agriculture initiatives.
Please join us in congratulating everyone on their new positions.
Organization charts outlining the entire egm organization are available upon
Request from cathy phillips.