Subject: re: interview with the enron research group - reply
Mark:
While we are anxious to fill this position, we certainly understand
Scheduling
Conflicts! Please let us know as soon as you have a definate time.
Dr. KaminskI will be out of the office the next two weeks also. Maybe the
Week
Of the 30 th or the 6 th of november?
Look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Shirley crenshaw
Mark. Giancola@ do. Treas. Gov on 10/13/2000 08: 47: 57 am
To: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: interview with the enron research group - reply
Date: 10/13/2000 09: 42 am (friday)
From: mark giancola
To: ex. Mail (" shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com")
Subject: interview with the enron research group - reply
Thanks for your message. Our e - mail system was down all day
Yesterday so I was not able to respond until today.
I am very interested in coming in for an interview. Unfortunately, my
Schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next
Two weeks. I am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on
The 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation. Immediately
Following that trip I will be moving to a new office here in treasury and
Am not sure about my schedule.
I would like to wait until next week when I have a better idea of my
Schedule to propose times to come to houston. Please let me know if
There are time constraints on your side.
Thanks,
Mark giancola
> > > ex. Mail." shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com" 10/12/00 09: 06 am > > >
Good morning mr. Giancola:
Your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski, managing director and
Head of research with enron.
We would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your
Convenience.
This would be for a position of" economist" or" associate economist",
Reporting to maureen raymond castaneda.
Please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you
And I will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to
Houston.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Shirley crenshaw
Administrative coordinator
Enron research group
713 - 853 - 5290