Subject: re: re: software license
Stinson,
I' m not sure who was going to handle this project - tom moore or laine
Borgman. So, by this e - mail, I will ask the appropriate person to respond to
You. I have also given tom' s name and e - mail address to ms. Geman.
They will just need to change in article 17 of the software license agreement
The response time from 2 to 3 days and the software license part should be
Done. The only thing that would leave then is ms. Geman' s response regarding
The escrow agreement as to whether it was agreeable to her and her law firm
(who would be holding the source code in escrow). I' m not sure whether ms.
Geman has responded to tom about that or not. I have sent electronic copies
Of all of the documents to both tom and laine to finalize once ms. Geman
Responded.
Tom can be reached at: x 55552
Laine can be reached at: x 56470
Thanks,
Karla
Stinson gibner@ ect
10/20/00 01: 39 pm
To: karla feldman/enron communications@ enron communications
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: re: re: software license
Karla,
Sorry for the delay. I have been out for the last three weeks. Vince
Tells me that he has talked to ms. Geman and they agreed on a time of 3
Business days for a response time.
Is there someone else now handling this project?
Thanks,
Stinson
From: karla feldman on 09/27/2000 04: 24 pm
To: gemanix@ aol. Com@ enron
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, stinson gibner/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: re: re: software license
Ms. Geman,
I apologize for the delay, but I finally have drafted an escrow agreement for
Placing the software in escrow with your attorneys. Please review and have
Your attorneys review and let me know if it is acceptable.
I will be leaving the department I have been working in and moving to a
Different enron subsidiary on october 13. If at all possible, could we try
To get the software license agreement and the escrow agreement wrapped up
Before I leave so that someone else does not have to try to pick up where i
Left off?
I think we are just about in agreement on the software license portion.
Seems like the only outstanding question had to do with your concern
Regarding providing a response time of 2 business days. I do not have any
Answers regarding that - maybe vince kaminskI or stinson gibner can respond
On this issue.
I look forward to hearing from you and trying to get this finalized within
The next 2 weeks if possible.
Thank you,
Karla feldman
Enron corp.
(713) 646 - 7554