Subject: re: interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
Mark:
Good to hear from you! I think it is a good idea for you to talk to maureen
Raymond - castaneda, enron' s chief economist or dr. Vince kaminski,
Managing director and head of research. Unfortunately both are out
Of the office at present. Maureen will return on monday, the 23 rd and
Vince will return on wednesday, the 25 th.
If you will be available for a telephone call on wednesday, the 25 th,
Please let me know when and the telephone number and I will arrange
The telephone interview.
Regards,
Shirley crenshaw
713 - 853 - 5290
Mark. Giancola@ do. Treas. Gov on 10/20/2000 01: 57: 40 pm
To: mark. Giancola@ do. Treas. Gov, shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re: interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
Date: 10/20/2000 02: 54 pm (friday)
From: mark giancola
To: ex. Mail (" shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com"," mark. Giancola")
Subject: re: interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
Shriley:
I' m terribly sorry it' s taking me so long to get back to you. Because I am
Moving to a new office after my trip next week it is difficult to make
Definite plans. Looking at my schedule now I would suggest tentatively
That I could come on friday november 3. Again, I would like to reconfirm
With you after I return from montreal a week from now.
I would also be interested in having a phone conversation with someone
Who can tell me in a bit more detail about enron' s research group and this
Particular position. That would be very helpful in preparing to come to
Houston. Please let me know if this is feasible.
Thanks for your patience.
Mark giancola
> > > ex. Mail." shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com" 10/13/00 10: 09 am > > >
Mark:
While we are anxious to fill this position, we certainly understand
Scheduling
Conflicts! Please let us know as soon as you have a definate time.
Dr. KaminskI will be out of the office the next two weeks also. Maybe
The
Week
Of the 30 th or the 6 th of november?
Look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Shirley crenshaw
Mark. Giancola@ do. Treas. Gov on 10/13/2000 08: 47: 57 am
To: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: interview with the enron research group - reply
Date: 10/13/2000 09: 42 am (friday)
From: mark giancola
To: ex. Mail (" shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com")
Subject: interview with the enron research group - reply
Thanks for your message. Our e - mail system was down all day
Yesterday so I was not able to respond until today.
I am very interested in coming in for an interview. Unfortunately, my
Schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next
Two weeks. I am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on
The 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation. Immediately
Following that trip I will be moving to a new office here in treasury and
Am not sure about my schedule.
I would like to wait until next week when I have a better idea of my
Schedule to propose times to come to houston. Please let me know if
There are time constraints on your side.
Thanks,
Mark giancola
> > > ex. Mail." shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com" 10/12/00 09: 06 am > > >
Good morning mr. Giancola:
Your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski, managing director and
Head of research with enron.
We would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your
Convenience.
This would be for a position of" economist" or" associate economist",
Reporting to maureen raymond castaneda.
Please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you
And I will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to
Houston.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Shirley crenshaw
Administrative coordinator
Enron research group
713 - 853 - 5290