Subject: re: associate/analyst super saturday participation - additional
Request
Shelly,
These are the super saturdays I can help you with:
Nov 10
Dec 1
Dec 8
Dec 15
I shall be traveling on two other days. One of these trips is related to
Recruiting at cmu.
Vince
Vince
Enron north america corp.
From: shelly jones, recruiting manager@ enron
10/24/2000 09: 12 pm
Sent by: enron announcements@ enron
To: ena employees
Cc:
Subject: associate/analyst super saturday participation - additional request
Additional interviewer participation is requested for october 28 & november
4.
Also, please note the school/date changes (in red). This change was
Necessary due to the number of candidates participating in super saturday.
If you have a change in your participation as a result of the date change,
Please contact john harrison, ext. 3 - 7811 for revisions.
Thank you
Shelly jones
Enron managing directors, vice presidents, directors, and managers who
Utilize the associate/analyst pool
As a follow up from a" save the date" email regarding your participation in
The associate and analyst super saturday process, now is the time to select
Your dates to attend and participate.
Below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming
Recruiting season. If you are houston - based or if you know you will be in
Houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to
Volunteer.
(when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who
Attend the schools for which you are a team member.)
Associates analysts
October 27 - 28, 2000 november 3 - 4
Thunderbird, ut, georgetown, rice rice, ut, baylor, a & m, ou, florida, lsu,
Uhcl
November 10 - 11, 2000 november, 17 - 18, 2000
Columbia, stern nyu, ucla, darden, cornell penn, uva, vanderbilt, michigan,
Howard, auc,
Vanderbilt, michigan uhmain and clear lake, lsu
December, 1 - 2, 2000 december 8 - 9, 20000
Chicago, kellogg, harvard, wharton, mit wellesley, overflow and re - schedules
From previous s/s
-
Friday, december 15, 2000
Carnegie mellon
Yale off - cycle candidates
Thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs.
Shelly jones
Recruiting manager