Subject: super saturday changes - update
I am sure that all of you have seen the notice sent this morning from
Charlene jackson, managing director of the associate and analyst program. I
Wanted to follow up with a note to all campus team mds and it team members to
Clarify any confusion surrounding super saturdays and technologist recruiting
For the global technology track. Although the global technology track is
Part of the analyst and associate program - we will not be participating in
The super saturday events listed below. Technologist candidates will be
Brought into the office for a friday office visit.
Super saturdays were first initiated for commercial analyst and associate
Recruiting because many enron representatives were not able to leave their
Desks while the market was open during the workday. Bringing candidates in
During the weekend works well in this situation because enron representatives
Can fully participate in the office visit and candidates can still see the
Office.
However, many technology vps have suggested that seeing enron" alive and in
Action" during the week would be a high selling point for technologist
Candidates. Therefore, we have opted to have technology office visits on
Fridays. The first three office visits are listed below:
November 10 th
December lst
January 19 th
We will be sending out more detailed information on how you can become more
Involved with technology office visits. I apologize for any confusion.
Please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments. 3 - 3589.
Thanks,
Ashley
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter/corp/enron on 10/25/2000
08: 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: charlene jackson 10/24/2000 09: 20 pm
Sent by: enron announcements
To: all enron employees north america
Cc:
Subject: super saturday changes
The recruiting season has officially begun. The first super saturday weekend
Is the weekend of october 27 th and 28 th. We have undergone a rigorous
Interview process on campus, which will allow us to focus on  however, we are still in need of interviewers for each
Of the super saturdays. Please respond with your willingness to interview
At: http:// axis. Enron. Com/notice/ssinvite. Asp
(when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who
Attend the schools for which you are a team member).
We thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program.