Subject: message from john martin
- - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey/corp/enron on 10/26/2000 06: 32 am - - - - -
" john martin"
10/25/2000 06: 58 pm
To:
Cc:
Subject: re: enron case study
Cindy,
Great to hear from you and I look forward to getting our interviews done. I
Am answering this from a hotel in seattle so I don' t have questions for you
At this time but can get them together for you. I will contact vince next
Week and get a set of questions together for each of the three individuals
You mentioned. I will have to talk to vince about others who would be of
Interest to interview. I really appreciate your help in getting this
Together and i' ll work hard to get everything together for you next week. I
Don' t have vince' s e - mail address with me here so I would appreciate your
Forwarding this message on to him for me.
Thanks again,
John
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: cindy. Derecskey@ enron. Com [mailto: cindy. Derecskey@ enron. Com]
Sent: wednesday, october 25, 2000 11: 23 am
To: j _ martin@ baylor. Edu
Cc: christie. Patrick@ enron. Com; vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Subject: enron case study
Importance: high
Good morning mr. Martin,
I would like to introduce myself. I currently work with christie patrick
And michael b rosen in the enron university affairs department.
In recent discussions with christie, she has suggested that I liaise with
You and our management in preparation for your and vince kaminski' s case
Study. Christie has forwarded recent emails sent by you suggesting a few
Convenient times that work with your schedule. I will work with our
Management and do my best to schedule one hour time slots for interviews
That fit with your outline.
Initially, I will schedule interviews with: ken lay - chairman and ceo,
Jeff skilling - president and coo, and andy fastow - cfo. If you feel that
You may need to speak with additional management, we will definitely try to
Work something out the same day, so you don' t have to travel back here. I
Will forward your project outline to the aforementioned participants once
The interviews are scheduled. Do you anticipate drafting specific
Questions? If so, I would greatly appreciate a copy when convenient.
I greatly look forward to working with you and I hope that we can touch
Base very soon.
Regards,
Cindy derecskey
Enron university affairs
(713) 853 - 5670