Subject: re: mscf speaker series
Pierre - philippe,
I was under the impression the presentation will be at 3: 30. 11: 30 is fine
With me
But want to confirm it.
Vince
" pierre - philippe ste - marie" on 10/28/2000 12: 22: 36 am
To:,,,
,,,
" pierre - philippe ste - marie",,
" punit rawal",,
,,,
,,,
,,,
,,,
Cc:
Subject: mscf speaker series
Mscf speaker series
Official invitation
?
?
It is with great pleasure and some amount of pride that I announce the next
Event in the speaker series. Next friday we will have the honor to host a
Conference given by mr. Vince kaminskI head of research at enron corp.?
?
The? Sixth event is? Next friday (nov 3 rd)!?
From: 11. 30 - 13. 30
Please attend!!!
The next event in the
Student speaker series is:
Friday, november 3, 2000
11: 30 a. M. To 12: 30 p. M. Fast lab
[image] vince kaminski
Enron corp.
Tentative student speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001
The following is a tentative schedule of the mscf student speaker series for
The 2000 - 2001 academic year. All events take place from 11: 30 a. M. To 12: 30
P. M. In the fast lab (gsia 229) unless otherwise noted. Updates are soon to
Follow.
Volatility curve and bond basis
August 11, 2000
David hartney & jerry hanweck
Vice president, futures and option sales j. P. Morgan
Price and hedging volatility contracts
September 1, 2000
Dmitry pugachevsky
Deutsche bank
Dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche
Bank, where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives. Prior
To joining deutsche bank, dmitry worked for six years with global analytics
Group of bankers trust. There he developed models for emerging markets,
Interest rates, and equity derivatives and also participated in actual
Trading and structuring of interest rate options. He received his phd in
Applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control
Theory for stochastic processes. He has published several papers on
Modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options.
A measurement framework for bank liquidity risk
September 15, 2000
Raymond cote
Vice president, finrad inc.
Raymond cote is vice president, financial engineering at finrad inc., a
Montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that
Combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and
Financial institutions.
Abstract:
Liquidity risk, as opposed to credit and market risks, has received little
Attention in professional or academic journals. We argue that analyzing bank
Liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis. After
Introducing some concepts and definitions, the presentation defines a
Framework allowing to measure a bank' s structural liquidity risk. It then
Shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools
Leads to a liquidity risk var measure. The presentation then offers
Concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement
Framework within enterprise - wide risk management.
The impact of electronic trading on the uses of quantitative research in
Equity options
September 22, 2000
Scott morris
Hull group, quantitative research department
Quantitative research in investment management
October 6, 2000
Raman srivastava & anna bulkovshteyn
Assistant vice president, & fixed income, quantitative analysts, putman
Investments
[image]
Tba
November 3, 2000
Vince kaminski
Enron corp.
Fund management and market efficiency
November 10, 2000
Andrea dalton
Researcher, friess associates
(advisor to the brandywine funds).
Tba
November 17, 2000
Jeff keifer & deb
Aep
Tutorial on bridge
November 24, 2000
Pierre ste - marie & punit rawal
Mscf students
A corporate risk management framework
December 8, 2000
Darin apratI & brian moore
Mcdonald' s
[image] math speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001
[image] speaker series student committee
[image] previous speakers
?
Pierre - philippe ste - marie
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[image] http:// pstemarie. Homestead. Com