Subject: interview follow up from susan v. Gonzalez
Nov. 2, 2000
?
Michael roberts, vice president, reseach
Stinson gibner, vice president, reseach
Vincent kaminsik, managing director, research
Enron corp.
?
Gentlemen,
Thank you for the opportunity to learn about a new communication position
Within your group.?? Based on our discussions, here are some initial
Thoughts/observations on the job and the task.
?
* daily email newsletter for primarily two audiences:
?????????????????? 1.? Internal for employees available via the enron
Intranet
?????????????????? 2.? External for clients, industry at large
?
* also suggest the newsletter be sent to a targeted group of trade press.? As
This information tool builds momentum and credibility, it will support the
Leadership positioning of? Enron' s trading group.?? Plus, it could become a
Driver for media inquiries and? Requests for further information or
Interviews with enron? Trading experts.
?
* I heard you wanting internal and external versions for both morning and
Afternoon distribution.?? That is an aggressive set of daily mailings. I
Would want to review the scope of the content and look at the frequency.?
Just like print publications,? Email newsletters are? Now the rage and too
Many are? Landing in the email inboxes.?? My counsel would be to start with a
Manageable number and do it well.? You can always increase frequency.?
Difficult to cut back on frequency without it appearing as a take away or
Lack of commitment to the product. Staffing??
?
* invite outside industry analysts or clients to provide commentary.
?
* consider developing an" editorial advisory board" to govern the
Content.?? Traders,? Legal department, communications dept. A
Multidisciplinary group that? Can add value to the publication.
?
* suggest finding an ims or it resource from within enron to be assigned to
This communications effort.?? Database set up for the email addresses,
Technical issues arise? For? Creating the links etc.? Managing an
E - newsletter in my current position, I can? Tell you that a writer/editor has
Enough to do to compile content.?? You want mailings to go off without any
Glitches.? Or if there are glitches, he or she can? Solve quickly.? What are
The implications of these mailings on the company' s computer systems??
?
* budget.? Although not a typical print publication, this effort should have
A budget.? Graphics, freelance or contract writing, photography? Any special
Software or hardware needs associated with this effort??
?
* review process.? What is the review process for? This publication.? Legal
Guidelines?? Corporate guidelines with regards to style, graphics
Etc.?? Technical review of the material for accuracy?? A clear policy should
Be established? Up front for the review process so everyone involved knows
And understands their role and responsibilities? Towards this communication
Effort.
?
* have you surveyed what is out in the marketplace??? Gather samples
Of? Newsletters that you like or don' t like for discussion purposes.
?
* measurement/evaluation of the newsletter.?? How? Will the effectiveness of
The newsletter be measured?? Hits on the website.? Inquiries from clients??
Don' t have a quick answer but? Some goals should be set to measure against.
?
* maintenace of the mailing lists should reside with the individual groups
Participating in the newsletter.?? Maintenance of the newsletter databases
Should not be the responsibility of the communications representative.???
?
This sent to you in the spirit of exploring the position further.? Look
Forward to your feedback.?? Thank you for your consideration.?
?
Sincerely,
Susan v. Gonzalez
11822 poplar creek
Houston, tx? 77077
(281) 497 - 7185 home
(281) 877 - 5853 work