Subject: wharton program for business journalists
HI greg!
Here is the information regarding the dec 13 th event at wharton. Wharton is
Beside itself with excitement at your acceptance, and communicated that with
Jeff skilling at his visit there this past thursday.
They' re also very interested in discussing their webI program with you and
Would like to arrange to do that the day of your evening presentation, or
Perhaps the following day, whichever suits your schedule. This was also
Discussed with jeff skilling - - he is clearly interested in the program, but
Will be especially looking to your input, along with that of vince kaminski,
Jeff shankman and me, in determining enron' s decision to participate. As i
Mentioned previously, vince, jeff and I think enron' s involcvement with webi
Holds very positive potential. Financially, it involves a contribution of
$250, 000 for 4 years.
Please see the request for your" bio" and desired inclusion of program
Materials, as well as the contact at wharton, toward the end of the message
Below.
Let me know by email or voice mail (3 - 6117) how university affairs can
Further these efforts.
Thanks!
- - christie.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick/hou/ect on 11/04/2000
10: 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" baltes, michael" on 11/02/2000 12: 29: 05 pm
To:"' christie _ patrick@ enron. Com'"
Cc:" piazze, thomas"," spigonardo, joanne"
Subject: wharton program for business journalists
Christie,
We are delighted that greg whalley, ceo of enron bandwidth business, has
Agreed to be our featured dinner speaker at the upcoming wharton seminars for
Business journalists on wednesday, december 13, 2000.
Per instructions from tom piazze, i' ve attached some information regarding
Our seminars for business journalists, now in its 32 nd year
Http:// www. Wharton. Upenn. Edu/media/journalists /. As i' d mentioned in our
Conversation a few weeks ago, we have a leader from business or government
Speak each year at our sponsor' s dinner, which is attended by all of the
Business journalists (about 50) and representatives from our corporate
Sponsors (lists attached below). Our last 3 speakers were mark walsh,
Chairman of vertical net; jason olim, ceo of cdnow; and tom siebel, ceo of
Siebel systems.
About 80 - 90 people are expected to attend this year' s event. Cocktails,
Dinner and mr. Whalley' s presentation will be held on wednesday, dec. 13,
From 6: 00 to 9 p. M. In wharton' s steinberg conference center, 38 th & spruce
Streets, on the university of pennsylvania campus.
As tom may have mentioned, this audience likes to hear about interesting
Industry trends, or something companies are doing that is leading edge, and
Hasn' t really hit the mainstream. Past experience has shown that" canned"
Corporate presentations do not go over so well with this group. However, you
Are certainly welcome to provide literature to the audience or other
Materials that may be appropriate. I would like to have a conversation with
You about your thoughts on a specific topic as we get closer to the event.
In the meantime, we would like to have mr. Whalley' s bio and any other
Information you' d like us to include in the course materials for the
Journalists. Please try to keep this to about 2 - 3 pages, given all of the
Other material they' ll have in their binders.
You may contact me or my colleague, joanne spigonardo, with any questions.
Joanne is handling the logistics for the event, so please direct those types
Of questions directly to her. She' s at 215573 - 8599.
Thanks again, and I hope you can join us on the 13 th.
Best regards,
Mike
> >
- pub & namelistbjs 200. Doc
- final sponsor list. Doc