Subject: alp proposal
Carrie,
I am sending you, as promised, the draft of my proposal. Please, let me know
If it meets your requirements. I shall be glad to revise it and send you the
Final version.
Vince kaminski
* * * * * * * * * *
One of the most important trends in the energy industry during the last year
Was proliferation of electronic, internet based, trading platforms for
Wholesale markets and for retail operations. Websites such as
Www. Houstonstreet. Com and www. Altranet. Com provide facilities for matching
Buyers and sellers. The website operated by enron corp. (enrononline)
Represents an alternative solution under which enron acts as a principal in
Every transaction. On the retail? Side, many retail e - commerce companies
Offering auctions, reverse auctions and platforms for creation of buyers ,
Clubs challenge incumbent utilities. The objective of this project is to
Evaluate the impact of e - commerce (both at the wholesale and retail levels)
On the energy industry. The study will start with comparative analysis of
Different wholesale trading and retail e - commerce business models and
Evaluation of their long - term viability. The next step will be assessment of
The impact of e - commerce on price dynamics, profit margins and the level of
Competition in different energy markets. A separate section will be devoted
To analysis of reaction of companies and organizations affected by e - commerce
(incumbent utilities, organized exchanges, energy brokers) to the new
Competitive threat, and different strategies they implement to meet the
Challenge. Organized exchanges have accelerated in many cases the transition
To screen - based trading that has been already replacing open outcry
Technology. Power and natural gas marketers have created alliances (with
Other industry players, software companies and electronic exchanges) to
Create their own trading platforms. Gas and electric utilities embarked on
Development of vertical and horizontal e - commerce platforms, offering
Services to households and other companies in the energy industry. The
Critical question is how quickly different companies should react to the
Competitive threats and how fast they should exploit opportunities created by
The internet based economy. It' s quite obvious that the internet revolution
Will change the energy industry' s landscape during the next few years. The
Objective of the project is to provide answers to the questions posed above,
Based on the currently available information. Additionally, the participants
Should come up with fallback strategies the energy companies should implement
In case the currently? Expected trends fail to materialize.
 _