Subject: operational risk iconference
" the person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and
Dare. The sure - thing boat never gets far from shore." - - dale carnegie
Erisk is pleased to announce an iconference on
Practical methodologies for operational risk management
Keynote speaker: tony peccia, vice president of operational risk at cibc
Followed by a panel discussion, which will include the following
Distinguished panelists:
Marcelo cruz, director of operational risk at ubs ag
Tony peccia, vice president of operational risk at cibc
Karim rajwani, senior manager of operational risk at royal bank of canada
When: thursday, december 14 at 12 noon est/5 p. M. London time.
Topics to be covered: the battle between" quantitative" and" qualitative"
Approaches, measuring the success of operational risk management, applying
Large institution methodologies to smaller institutions, and much more.
Recommended background reading:
The operational risk piece in our risk jigsaw
You will need to log in to be able to click through to this tutorial, which
Features insights from" expert witnesses" (including panelist marcelo cruz),
The 12 steps of the operational risk management process, and links to
Additional resources.
Registration: this conference is totally free, and you can participate by
Using any computer with internet access and a telephone.
You will need to register for this conference in advance by clicking here
If you have any questions regarding our iconferences, please send email to
Iconferences@ erisk. Com
See you at the iconference!
Your friends at erisk. Com (formerly erisks. Com)
P. S. The archived slides, polling results, and real - time replays of our
Previous iconferences, including our last iconference on compensation for
Risk managers, can be accessed here free of charge.
Your email: [vkamins@ enron. Com] is in our erisks. Com mailing list. If you
Wish to unsubscribe from future mailings, please forward this message
To: unsub _ opriskl@ email. Erisks. Com to subscribe, please forward this message
To sub _ opriskl@ email. Erisks. Com [image]