Subject: stephen bennett
Stephen bennett, professional meteorologist, was hired into the research
Group in september of this year as a specialist based on salary alignment
Criteria. In retrospect, and upon review, he should have been hired on as a
Senior specialist.
After coming on board. It rapidly became apparent that stephen was clearly an
" under hire." he is well - deserving of an immediate promotion (really more of
A correction) and pay raise, to be made retroactive at least to the lst of
This month. This memo outlines the circumstances surrounding this hiring
Error and provides detailed justifications for this retroactive" promotion."
At the time of the interview process, there was no position in enron
Designated as" professional meteorologist." in fact, the most recent similar
Hire prior to that date was jose marquez, also a professional meteorologist,
Who was hired in, based on salary alignment criteria, as a manager. While
Functionally, both these men are meteorologists, enron has no such job
Classification. Compounded by the urgency in bringing on additional
Professional expertise in short time order, it was difficult to peg the
Proper enron classification appropriate for this new position. This original
Uncertainty and resulting misplacement of stephen into the specialist
Category, rather than the senior specialist category, needs to be corrected
At this time.
Although a" new - hire" to enron, stephen bennett has extensive work
Experience. He has worked as a professional meteorologist at both the
Weather services corporation in boston and at the weather channel in
Atlanta. He came to enron well - referenced by both those organizations,
Needing no further training and only minimal supervision.
Once aboard here in houston, stephen immediately demonstrated the core enron
Values with our unique sense of urgency. After only a week, he assumed
Responsibilities normally reserved for someone actually at even a manager
Level - he was assigned and fully took over the critical afternoon weather
Briefings to the gas traders. This includes analysis and report preparation
As well as presentation. Also in the presentation arena, he now regularly
Briefs various desks in the morning and throughout the day. Stephen is a
Master of communication and particularly adept at conveying what through
Other messengers might otherwise seem confusing or ambiguous.
Stephen has also demonstrated an unusually high level of self - initiative. He
Designed, implemented, and now maintains several sub - sites on the research
Web page which he tailored to various customers - in specific: the weather
Derivatives team, the agricultural team, and most recently, the crude and
Liquids team. I have recently assigned stephen to spearhead our conversion
And major upgrade of this web page.
These above described accomplishments are above and beyond stephen , s regular
Duties which include starting work at 5 am daily, reliably and without fail,
To assemble and prepare our trader , s weather report. Recently, with the
Advent of extended hours for both nymex and enrononline, stephen voluntarily
On his own accord, assists in our new sunday weather support effort. As his
Supervisor, fully cognizant of his already standard 50 + hour work week, I do
Not solicit, but readily accept, this above and beyond expectations
Assistance.
In review, the circumstance which resulted in this under hire condition was
Enron , s immediate need for a non - standard, fairly unique professional - a
Meteorologist, coupled with stephen , s desire to work for our company in spite
Of the absence of a hierarchy which included the exact entitled professional
Title reflecting his chosen career path.. Once hired, stephen has clearly
Demonstrated through contribution and performance that he is well - deserving
Of this immediate and retroactive promotion.