Subject: re: greetings from baylor university
Jim,
Sorry for the delay in responding to your message. I was traveling
Extensively
And was overwhelmed with many different projects.
I shall be glad to speak at the gamma iota sigma dinner. Unfortunately, i
Cannot make
A presentation to your class (it would require leaving the office for two
Days in a row).
I can, however, promise to come on another day and speak to your students.
I hope everything is going well for you. By the way, your former student,
Shane green, has joined us
For 12 month and is doing exceptionally well.
Vince
Jim garven on 11/28/2000 05: 10: 55 pm
To:" vince j kaminski"
Cc:
Subject: greetings from baylor university
Dear vince,
Since we last corresponded, I have left lsu and am now professor of finance &
Insurance at baylor university in waco, tx.? My colleague at baylor, john
Martin, mentioned that you will be coming to campus for a conference on
Friday, february 23 that he is organizing.?? I am curious whether your
Schedule might permit staying over that evening so that we can feature you as
Our dinner speaker for the chartering ceremony of gamma iota sigma, a
National risk management fraternity.? For that matter, would you also
Possibly be available to make any presentations to undergraduate and graduate
Students on the previous day (thursday, february 22)?? What I have in mind is
A presentation similar to the presentations you made last spring to my lsu
Classes.?
Thank you for your consideration of this request.? I am looking forward to
Seeing you once again.
Sincerely,
Jim garven
James r. Garven, ph. D.
Professor of finance & insurance
Department of finance, insurance and real estate
Hankamer school of business
Hsb 336
Baylor university
Box 98004
Waco, tx? 76798
Voice: (254) 710 - 6207
Fax: (603) 994 - 6680
E - mail:? James _ garven@ baylor. Edu
Home page: http:// garven. Baylor. Edu
Vita: http:// garven. Baylor. Edu/dossier. Html
Research paper archive: http:// garven. Baylor. Edu/research. Html
