Subject: alliance info alert
Dear generation/power marketing executive:
This alliance info alert includes three items of interest:
1) the weekly alliance express newsletter
2) listing of recent filings at ferc
3) timeline for ferc action on california markets (attached)
Alliance of energy suppliers express   december 19, 2000
Inside washington   federal affairs
* * * ferc de - federalizes california markets, adopts other structural reforms * * *
At a special meeting friday afternoon, ferc unanimously approved its eagerly
Awaited final order reforming the california wholesale markets, adopting the
Major outlines of its november 1 proposed order and sending back to
California the responsibility for addressing state - related matters. At the
Same time, ferc deferred consideration of retroactive refund issues as well
As the imposition of region - wide price caps. Ferc reiterated their earlier
Conclusions that under certain circumstances, california ratepayers were
Subjected to unjust and unreasonable power rates due to california' s
" seriously flawed" market structure and rules in conjunction with tight
Demand and supply conditions throughout the west.
Ferc adopted the november proposal to eliminate, effective immediately, the
State' s mandatory requirement that the state' s investor - owned utilities buy
And sell electricity through the px, and allow these utilities to purchase
Electricity through forward contracts and other alternative mechanisms to
Manage supply risks. Ferc terminated the px' s rate schedules effective at
The close of business on april 30, 2001. In effect, as chairman james
Hoecker stated, the order de - federalizes 60 percent of the california
Wholesale market established under the state' s restructuring law, returning
Ratemaking authority over company - owned generation to the california public
Utilities commission (cpuc).
The agency also modified the effective period of the $150/mwh" soft cap"
Proposal, limiting its application through april 2001, whereupon a
" comprehensive and systematic monitoring and mitigation program which
Incorporates appropriate thresholds, screen and mitigation measures" must be
In place. In a related move, ferc ordered a technical conference early next
Year to develop such a program by march 1, 2001, so that these measures can
Be place by the may 1, deadline.
* * * energy secretary issues order to power generators and marketers to bolster
California' s supplies * * *
Energy secretary bill richardson has responded to the severely constrained
Power supply situation in california by issuing an order, pursuant to section
202 (c) of the federal power act, to require generators and marketers to make
Power available to meet the state' s electricity needs. The emergency
Directive requires that, if the california independent system operator (iso)
Certifies that there is an inadequate supply of electricity, certain
Suppliers would be required to make power available to the iso if they have
Power available in excess of the amount needed to satisfy service to firm
Customers. Those suppliers that have provided power to the california power
Exchange (px) and the iso over the last 30 days that have firm capacity
Available would be subject to the order.
Under the order, the iso is required to provide notice to each supplier
Subject to the order of the amount and type of service requested by 9: 00 pm
Est on the day before the requested service. The iso must, to the extent
Feasible, allocate the requests in proportion to the amount of each
Supplier' s available power. The price for the power provided pursuant to the
Order will be set by an agreement between the iso and the supplier. If no
Agreement is reached, ferc is to determine the just and reasonable rate at a
Later date. The order will remain in effect until 3: 00 am est on december
21, 2000 unless modified.
* * * epa sets plans to regulate plants' mercury emissions * * *
Epa administrator carol browner, in a long - awaited announcement, indicated
Last week that the administration will require reductions of mercury
Emissions from coal - and oil - fired power plants. The agency stated that it
Plans to propose new regulations in december 2003, and hopes to finalize new
Rules by december 2004.
In the wake of the decision, eeI called on epa to make certain that any
Program to control utilities' mercury emissions be based on the best
Scientific information available in order to assure the protection of public
Health." eeI urges epa to maintain its commitment to resolving the key
Scientific and technological issues," said paul bailey, eeI vice president,
Environmental affairs. Given these uncertainties, eeI is disappointed that
The regulatory determination includes statements regarding public health
Threats and hazards that are unsupported by current science," said mr. Bailey.
" in the meantime, the electric power industry will continue to work with all
Stakeholders to determine the extent to which additional mercury reductions
From power plants may be needed, and how those cuts should be achieved," mr.
Bailey concluded.
Mergers & acquisitions
* * * calpine completes acquisition of emI power assets * * *
Calpine corporation has announced that it has completed the acquisition of
Power assets from energy management, inc. (emi). In the deal, calpine
Acquired the remaining interest in three recently constructed, combined - cycle
Power generating facilities located in new england, as well as a joint
Marketing venture between calpine and emi. Prior to the transaction, calpine
Held a 50 percent net interest in the projects.
" we are very pleased to have completed the acquisition of these new and
Highly efficient power plants. The dighton, tiverton, and rumford facilities
Were among the first merchant power plants to enter commercial operation in
New england," said calpine senior vice president bob alff." combined with
Our other announced project in the northeast, we have created a coordinated
System of low - cost assets, with excellent geographic diversity, to provide
Power to a very attractive new england market," added alff.
* * * exelon completes acquisition of 49. 9 percent of sithe * * *
Exelon corporation and sithe energies have announced the completion of
Exelon' s acquisition of 49. 9 percent of the stock of sithe. The completion
Of the acquisition finalizes an agreement in which peco energy company agreed
To purchase 49. 9 percent of sithe' s assets in north america for $682
Million. Peco has since merged with unicom corporation to form exelon
Corporation.
Under the terms of the agreement, exelon has the option to purchase the
Remaining 50. 1 percent of sithe within two to five years at a price based on
Prevailing market conditions when the purchase option is exercised. Exelon
And sithe will continue to operate independently, said the companies.
Energy data
* * * weekly electric output (week 50) * * *
Electric output reached 74, 737 gwh for the week ending december 9 (week 50),
With the highest increase over 1999 levels in the mid - atlantic region, which
Had a 15. 8 percent increase over 1999. Looking at year - to - date information,
The pacific southeast leads the nation in growth of output. For more
Information, email alliance@ eei. Org.
Who' s who
* * * allegheny energy announces leadership change * * *
Allegheny energy, inc. This week announced the appointment of michael
Morrell, senior vice president and cfo, as president of its unregulated
Supply business, allegheny energy supply company, effective february 1,
2001. Morrell will replace peter skrgic, current president, who will be
Retiring on that date after 37 years of service to the company.
In his new position, mr. Morrell will direct and continue the growth of
Allegheny' s energy supply business, which operates and markets competitive
Retail and wholesale electric generation throughout the eastern us.
Additionally, morrell will identify new opportunities to expand the company' s
Generation holdings, announced a press release.
The alliance express is a free news service sponsored by the alliance of
Energy suppliers. This document can be redistributed. Please send
Questions, comments, or requests to alliance@ eei. Org, or telephone
202/508 - 5680.
* * * due to the holidays, the alliance express will not be published next
Tuesday, december 26.
= = recent ferc filings = =
(1) rto developments
* the following entities filed comments regarding the california wholesale
Electric market. Elo 0 - 95 - 000, et. Al. Filed december 13, 2000.
- american public power assoc.:" market power: will we know it when we see
It? The california experience"
- southern california edison co.:" proof that soft price caps do not result
In lawful rates" and request for rehearing
- southern california edison co.: request for immediate modification of the
December 8, 2000 order
- san diego gas & electric: motion to clarify the record
* the following entities filed motions for an immediate modification and to
Intervene regarding the commission' s emergency order december 8 approving the
Ca iso' s tariff amendments. Erol - 607 - 000, ero 0 - 95 - 000 et. Al. Filed
December 13, 2000.
- western power trading forum
- reliant energy power generation
- pacific gas and electric
- ca iso
- dynegy power marketing
* southern energy companies filed a supplemental protest regarding pjm' s
Order 2000 compliance filing. Rtol - 2 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
(2) oatt/transmission
* ugI utilities filed an interconnection agreement with allegheny energy
Supply co. Erol - 617 - 000. Comments due by december 28, 2000.
* public service company of new mexico filed proposed revisions to its ferc
Electric tariff, a statement of policy and code of conduct governing the
Relationship between itself and wholesale power marketing affiliates and a
Notification of a change in status relating to its authorization to sell
Power at market - based rates. Erol - 615 - 000. Comments due by december 28,
2000.
* american electric power service corp. (aep) filed an executed
Interconnection agreement between indiana michigan power co. And duke energy
Berrien. The agreement is pursuant to aep companies' oatt. Erol - 626 - 000.
Comments due by december 29, 2000.
* commonwealth edison co. Filed revisions to its oatt to reflect the
Creation of a new generation subsidiary of excelon corp., comed' s holding
Company. Erol - 628 - 000. Comments due by december 29, 2000.
* detroit edison company filed a service agreement for network integration
Transmission service under the joint oatt between itself and consumers
Energy. The service agreement is between itself and nordic marketing.
Erol - 622 - 000. Comments due by december 28, 2000.
* detroit edison company filed service agreements for short - term firm and
Non - firm point - to - point transmission service under the joint oatt between
Itself and consumers energy. The service agreement is between itself and h. Q.
Energy services. Erol - 621 - 000. Comments due by december 28, 2000.
* louisiana generating filed a motion to intervene and protest regarding
Southwestern electric power company' s restated and amended electric system
Interconnection agreement between southwestern and louisiana generating.
Erol - 504 - 000. Filed december 13, 2000.
* alliant energy corporate services filed a response to several protests
Regarding its proposed amended oatt. Erol - 312 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
* electricities of north carolina, piedmont municipal power agency and the
Cities of orangeburg and seneca, sc filed a motion to intervene and protest
Regarding duke energy, carolina power & light and south carolina electric &
Gas' proposed accounting and rate treatment of start - up costs associated with
Establishing a new rto. Elol - 13 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
* southern company services filed a proposed amendment to its oatt in order
To incorporate creditworthiness criteria, interconnection procedures and
Source and sink requirements. Erol - 668 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
* bonneville power administration filed a petition for declaratory order
Stating that its proposed oatt satisfies the commission' s reciprocity
Compliance principles. Njol - 1 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
* american transmission co. Filed proposed open access transmission rates
And requested expedited consideration. Erol - 677 - 000. Filed december 15,
2000.
(3) market complaints
* h. Q. Energy services filed for an order directing the ny iso to restore
The original market clearing prices for energy on may 8, 2000. Elol - 19 - 000.
Comments due january 2, 2001.
* new england power co. Filed an answer to the rhode island attorney
General' s protest regarding the application of the joint owners of the
Undivided interest in the millstone 3 nuclear plant to transfer ownership to
The dominion applicants. Eco 0 - 137 - 000 and ero 0 - 3639 - 000. Filed december 13,
2000.
(4) mergers/corporate restructuring
(5) miscellaneous
* ca iso filed an amendment to schedule 1 of the participating generator
Agreement between ca iso and sierra pacific industries. Erol - 619 - 000.
Comments due by december 28, 2000.
* automated power exchange filed a new rate schedule under which it will
Provide its auction and scheduling service in its california market.
Erol - 658 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
* automated power exchange filed a new rate schedule under which it will
Provide its auction and scheduling service in a new geographic market, known
As the apx midwest market. Erol - 659 - 000. Filed december 14, 2000.
Nancy tarr
Manager, business development
Ntarr@ eei. Org
202 - 508 - 5680
- timeline. Doc