Subject: news: aurora 5. 2 update
Aurora version 5. 2
- the fastest model just got faster -
Epis announces the release of aurora, version 5. 2
Aurora the electric market price forecasting tool is already
Legendary for power and speed. We' ve combined a powerful chronological
Dispatch model with the capability to simulate the market from 1
Day to 25 + years. Add to that a risk analysis section, powered by user
Selectable monte carlo &/or latin hypercube modeling, enough
Portfolio analysis power to please the toughest critic, & inputs and
Outputs from standard excel & access tables and you' ve got one of most
Powerful tools in the market.
Just a few months ago we expanded our emissions modeling
Capabilities, added our quarterly database update, increased the speed
Of the entire model, and made
But that wasn' t enough.
We' ve done it again. Some of the operations that we' ve
Included...
Two new reporting enhancements.
The first is marginal reporting
For fuels, resources and groups of resources.
The second is the ability to
Display resource stack information in graphical and dispatch order form.
Other enhancements include dual fuel modeling, improved
Transmission modeling, greater access to hourly results, and the ability
To model monthly emission rates. Moreover, the databases for
Central and eastern, texas, and western markets have been updated to use
The new modeling capabilities.
We continue to make aurora easier to use. This version enhances
User control over modeling, editing inputs, and viewing of aurora
Output. Clients desiring to exploit the power of aurora now have
Greater control over the inputs and outputs through vb scripting in
Aurora. The new" update data" capability provides a means to
Universally change any data element.
Attached is more information on the fastest and most flexible
Tool of its kind.
For additional information, please visit our website (www. Epis. Com) or
Contact our sales department at (503) 722 - 2023. Ask about our special
7 - day demo!
V. Todd wheeler
Sales manager
Epis, inc.
(503) 722 - 2023 tel.
(503) 722 - 7130 fax
Www. Epis. Com
Todd@ epis. Com
> >
- what' s new - version 5. 2 information. Doc
- technical information aurora v 5 - 2. Doc