Subject: update on spring conference
Hello everyone,
I wanted to get a message out to each of you to update you on the february
23 conference plans. The conference promises to provide an exciting
Opportunity to share the ideas of a diverse group of academic and industry
Professionals on a topic that is dear to all our hearts, the future of
Business education in the new economy. I will be sharing updates and
Information with you over the weeks to come but thought it might be useful
To start before the holidays.
I am attaching the most recent" description of the program of events" which
Remains somewhat fluid as we develop it. However, there are some new
Developments that you will find interesting. First, I have arranged for
" filming" of the event by our local public tv station and we will be
Working toward the development of the best product possible out of the
Sessions. Second, david palumbo (human code - - an internet content
Provider - http:// www. Humancode. Com/index 2. Htm - now owned by sapient) will
Join us. David is very knowledgable about both educational issues (he
Served on the faculty of the university of houston for 10 years before
Joining human code). He has some very interesting insights to offer on the
Future of higher education having now worked from the industry side of the
Equation). Finally, I am currently reading a couple of books that you may
Find interesting (telecosm and the new barbarian manifesto). I' m sure
There are many more interesting sources of information that you are each
Aware of and it would be helpful if we all began sharing our notes.
Finally, let me suggest that each of you begin thinking about the issue (s)
That you feel most comfortable commenting upon and phrasing" lead in"
Questions for me. I would like to build a list of such questions to
Circulate among all so that we begin to get a feel for the range of topics
We will encounter in the discussion and begin to formulate our individual
Opinions.
I hope that this note finds you all anticipating a wonderful holiday season
And thank you for participating in this inaugural" think tank" conference
On the future of business education.
Sincerely yours,
John
- revised workshop - planning. Doc
John d. Martin
Carr p. Collins chair in finance
Finance department
Baylor university
Po box 98004
Waco, tx 76798
254 - 710 - 4473 (office)
254 - 710 - 1092 (fax)
J _ martin@ baylor. Edu
Web: http:// hsb. Baylor. Edu/html/martinj/home. Html