Subject: re: starting date: jan 8 th, 2001
Vince:
FyI - wichaI is joining on jan 8 th. Osman will take care of him until my
Return.
Krishna.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamanenI krishnarao/hou/ect on
12/19/2000 03: 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
PinnamanenI krishnarao
12/19/2000 02: 54 pm
To: osman sezgen/hou/ees@ ees
Cc:
Subject: re: starting date: jan 8 th, 2001
Osman:
Can you request the desk & computer for wichai? Dennis has knows about
WichaI coming in january.
Thanks,
Krishan.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamanenI krishnarao/hou/ect on
12/19/2000 02: 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
PinnamanenI krishnarao
12/19/2000 02: 52 pm
To:" wichaI narongwanich"@ enron
Cc:
Subject: re: starting date: jan 8 th, 2001
Dear wichai:
Good to hear from you and glad you will be here soon. I will be on vacation
In january. When I am gone you will report to osman sezgen who you have met
When you were here in houston. Please get in touch with him when you come
Here. His phone number is (713) 853 - 5485. If you have any problems, contact
Our assistant shirley crenshaw at (713) 853 - 5290.
Best wishes,
Krishna.
" wichaI narongwanich" on 12/19/2000 01: 51: 40 pm
To:
Cc:
Subject: starting date: jan 8 th, 2001
Dear dr. Krishna,
As mentioned during the interviewing process, I plan to start working under
Your supervision on earlier january. I' m now ready to start working with
Your on jan 8 th, 2001. I have been in contact with the human resource
Department to set up the working permit and relocation. I have received the
Optional practical training valid from jan 8 th, 2001 to jan 7 th, 2002. I
Will go down to houston to look for an apartment this weekend.
By the way, I heard from seksan, currently working under your supervision,
That you will be on vacation soon and will come back to work again late
January. Therefore, I would like to whether who should I report with on my
Starting date? Or do you have any recommendation for me to prepare for the
New work? Please, advise.
Best regards,
WichaI narongwanich
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: pinnamaneni. Krishnarao@ enron. Com
Sent: tuesday, june 20, 2000 1: 21 pm
To: wichai@ engin. Umich. Edu
Subject: re: resume for sr. Specialist/manager - research position
Dear mr. Narongwanich:
You have an impressive background. What is your availability in terms
Of timing? We are looking for somebody to join our group fairly soon (weeks
Rather than months).
Thank you,
P. V. Krishnarao
" wichaI narongwanich" on 06/19/2000 09: 17: 35 am
To:
Cc:
Subject: resume for sr. Specialist/manager - research position
Dear mr. Krishnarao,
I received information about this job opportunity describe below by boo
Lee,
An alumnI of financial engineering program here in the university of
Michigan. The position is very interesting and relevant to my background
(pursuing ph. D. Operations research with real options interest, completed
Mse financial engineering, mse industrial and operations engineering, have
Been working on ms - excel with vba for 4 years) I attach my resume in
Ms - word
Document in this mail. If you need further information, please don' t
Hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
WichaI narongwanich
WichaI narongwanich
Ph. D. Candidate, ioe dept.
Research assistant, meam dept.
University of michigan
Sr. Specialist/manager - research
Position description: fulltime position as a member of the research
Group at
Enron supporting commodity risk management activities in enron energy
Services. The selected person will be working closely with the deal makers
And risk - managers to develop and support quantitative models for pricing
And risk management.
Responsibilities: responsibilities include analyzing data and developing
Models for valuing commodity (or commodity - related) contracts, options
Embedded in or real options associated with long term energy management
Contracts, forecasting customer loads, and managing risks associated with
Energy contracts.
Qualifications & skills:
Masters/doctorate degree in a quantitative field (mathematics, statistics,
Operations research, econometrics/finance) with experience or course work
In
Statistics, data analysis and mathematical modeling. Must have excellent
Computer skills and be able to function in a dynamic, unstructured
Environment.
Coursework in statistics/econometrics and basic finance preferred.
Proficiency in excel including vba.
Familiarity with access & visual basic.
Knowledge of risk management or energy markets a plus.
Place of work: houston
Contact: email resumes to pkrishn@ enron. Com (p. V. Krishnarao)
(see attached file: resume. Doc)