Subject: access on the block: international transmission auctions - cera a
Lert - december 20, 2000
Title: access on the block: international transmission auctions are opening
European power markets
E - mail category: cera insight
Cera knowledge area: european power
Despite an apparent impasse in negotiations among european transmission
System operators, regulators, and the european commission in florence,
Auctions of international transmission capacity (itc) in france, the united
Kingdom, denmark, belgium, italy, austria, switzerland, slovenia, and the
Netherlands are opening access between countries and paving the way for the
Single european marketplace.
However, the patchwork auctioning of access to itc leaves important issues
Unresolved. The most significant of these include the potential for gaming,
Third - party transit, and the allocation of auction proceeds. As they stand,
These issues, cera believes, are likely to lead to action at the european
Level and the eventual imposition of a more integrated scheme.
Nevertheless, current plans to open most of europe' s itc represent a
Watershed of activity that will hasten transparency in the market and
Determine trade flows and signal transmission investment in 2001.
International auctions are opening markets
A major portion of international transmission capacity on the continent will
Be allocated by auction in 2001 (see table 1). In cera' s view auctions for
Itc are likely to have the greatest impact during 2001 in the following areas:
* increasing market transparency. The posting of available transmission
Capacity on yearly, monthly, and daily bases will facilitate the market' s
Efficient usage of scarce interconnector capacity. For the first time,
Signals for new transmission investment, power flows, and transmission asset
Valuation will come from the market.
* increasing cross - border trade. Although auctions may not reduce uncertainty
In the marketplace initially, the effect of heightened transparency in access
Rules and prices will soon work to increase trade. Secondary markets for
Interconnector capacity will add to the number of actively traded power
Products and work to increase the overall level of trade.?
* increasing price correlation. Auctions will replace nonmarket - based
Allocation methods such as long - term capacity reservation. The dynamic
Character of shorter - term auctions, combined with an expected secondary
Market for capacity, should bring access to international capacity in line
With the needs of the market. In this way the market will be able to adjust
More rapidly to changes in local conditions and thereby work to correlate
Pricing points.
* increasing competition. Once players have secured access to itc at a given
Price, they will be looking to sign supply contracts or integrate the
Capacity into structured deals. The result could be more aggressive
Maneuvering on the part of incumbents and new entrants alike, resulting in
Greater competition at the national level.
* reducing the competitiveness of imports. The results of international
Transmission capacity auctions will determine the competitiveness of imported
Power into domestic markets. Final prices offered for itc will reflect the
Relative cost of power between markets and work to make cheaper power more
Expensive to import.
* spurring investment in transmission. The money raised through auction could
Provide transmission companies with the financial capability to invest in
Upgrading international transmission links. Access to international
Transmission capacity between the netherlands, germany, and belgium in 2001
Was auctioned for 63 million euros (see http:// www. Tso - auction. Org for
Details).? Auctions for access into spain, france, and italy are expected to
Realize a premium for access to highly coveted markets.
Connecting rather than integrating markets
Auctions between national grids, or more accurately commercial grids, are a
Pragmatic approach to the problem of granting access to scarce international
Transmission capacity on an open and transparent basis. The auctions will
Open access to interconnectors and at the same time reward transmission
System operators.
Even so, the proposed approaches are not likely to satisfy market players or
The stated objectives of european policymakers. In cera' s view the following
Issues may eventually bring down the hammer on itc auctions:
* third - party transit. The bilateral nature of itc auctions perpetrates the
Problem of tariff pancaking and discriminates against trade involving transit
Through a third grid. This is ultimately inconsistent with the european
Commission' s objective of a single european power market. The fact that
Physical power flows do not follow contractual flows and almost always
Transit third - party grids further weakens the legitimacy of the approach.
* transaction - based scheme. Although still transactional in nature (tied to a
Specific deal), auctions fall within the european commission' s stated
Preference for market - based mechanisms for allocating international
Transmission capacity. It remains to be seen how successful this approach is
In achieving integration of national markets. Action at the european level
Could move allocation of itc in the direction of nontransactional mechanisms
Such as market splitting, counter trading, or redispatching.
* gaming of auctions. Auctions will in theory allocate access to transmission
On a nondiscriminatory market basis to those that value it most. In practice
It remains to be seen if gaming can be avoided. Even though most of the
Auctions have placed limits on ownership of transmission capacity, tactical
Maneuvers could bid up transmission prices as players act to raise the price
Of imported power.
* allocating auction proceeds. One likely outcome of auctions will be the
Transfer of profits between players as transmission owners recoup some of the
Rents currently reaped by other players. This will works to raise the value
Of transmission assets relative to generation, suppliers, or traders. It
Remains to be seen how funds from auctions will be allocated among
Transmission companies and the grid, as transmission is still currently
Subject to monopoly regulation.
* * end * *
Come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001," shooting the rapids:
Strategies and risks for the energy future" in houston, february 12 - 16,
2001!? For more information and to register, please visit
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/ceraweek /
To make changes to your cera. Com account go to:
Forgot your username and password? Go to:
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/client/forgot
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information from
Cambridge energy research associates, inc. (cera) which is confidential and
May be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying, distribution or use of
The contents of this message or any attachments, in whole or in part, is
Strictly prohibited.
Terms of use: http:// www 20. Cera. Com/tos
Questions/comments: webmaster@ cera. Com
Copyright 2000. Cambridge energy research associates