Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Weather group
On wednesday, december 6 th, the weather channel aired an episode of their
Show" atmospheres," which included a fifteen minute segment focusing on
Enron' s weather risk management business. Mark tawney, steven vu, gary
Taylor, and steve bennett were featured. The weather channel has aired the
Episode periodically since then. The parts that make it through the enron
Cutting room floor will be coming soon to an elevator near you! If you would
Like to view a copy of the episode in its entirety, please contact yvette
Simpson at ext. 3 - 9595.
The weather risk management group completed the first ever power demand
Transaction this week. The transaction was a swap based on the pjm demand
Index. Power demand contracts use average peak power demand as an index and
Allow power market participants (generators, btu distributors, marketers,
Etc...) to mitigate volumetric exposures. Weekly swaps are available on
Enrononline and the desk has placed option contracts on this index in the
Broker market. Inquiries regarding this product should be directed to
Claudio ribeiro, product manager ext. 3 - 7313, gary taylor ext. 3 - 1511, or
Valter stoianI ext. 3 - 6906.
West power trading
It , s been a wild and crazy holiday season in the west. Electricity prices
Have remained extremely bullish throughout the entire wscc, due in large part
To below - normal temperatures,  & less than stellar  8 river flows in the
Northwest and northern california, tremendously volatile natural gas prices,
And a number of generating plants down for both planned and unplanned
Maintenance. Recently, the federal regulatory energy commission (ferc) has
Stepped in to implement several orders in an effort to try to correct this
 some have the feeling
That the best is yet to come.
Happy holidays
Seasons greetings from ena pr. The entouch newsletter will be on holiday
Break next week. If you have information for future issues of entouch,
Please send it to michelle vitrella. We hope you have a wonderful and safe
Holiday. See you next year!
Welcome
New hires ena/eim/egm
Ena ) kimberly hardy, adam johnson, daniel lisk, william fleenor, stacey
Wales, jason fischer, aparna rajaram
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.