Subject: henwood' s 2001 ercot symposium: january 23, 2001
Shirley,
Please, register me, lance and alex for this event.
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 12/22/2000
04: 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" chris farrell" on 12/22/2000 06: 13: 50 am
To:
Cc:
Subject: henwood' s 2001 ercot symposium: january 23, 2001
Mark your calendar - tuesday january 23, 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel
Henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday, january
23, 2001. A team of henwood regional power market specialists will be
Presenting the latest analysis and
Information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power
Market, in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc
Markets. Coffee and registration will
Begin at 9: 30 am and the program will run until 3: 00 pm. Lunch and snacks
Will be provided.
Agenda topics include:
* what will be the critica - success factors for qualified scheduling entities
Operating in ercot' s new wholesale & retail markets?
* how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices?
* what is the outlook for new generation?
* what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot' s generation
Resources?
* what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty
Impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets?
* what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience
And the implications to ercot?
In conjunction with this program, henwood will have a demonstration room
Available to present its latest software applications and e - business
Solutions. A nominal $75 registration fee is required
To reserve a space in the workshop.
For more information or to reserve your spot, please contact chris farrell at
Henwood: cfarrell@ hesinet. Com or 916/569 - 0985.
About henwood: henwood offers integrated business solutions, strategic
Consulting, and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of
The restructured energy markets throughout
North america, australia, and europe, serving clients that include eight of
The ten top utilities in north america, in addition to energy services
Providers and power marketers.
If you want to be removed from our email list please reply to the sender and
Put" remove" in the subject box.