Subject: combinatorial auction - jan 11 mtg background
- - - - - forwarded by greg woulfe/enron communications on 12/28/00 09: 58 am - - - - -
Chonawee supatgiat@ enron
12/22/00 05: 08 pm
To: stinson gibner/hou/ect@ ect, greg woulfe/enron communications@ enron
Communications
Cc:
Subject: combinatorial auction
Stinson and greg,
I have read the paper" combinatorial auction with multiple winners for
Universal service" from richard steinberg and frank kelly. They propose a
Combinatorial auction which is an auction for multiple items that allows
Bidders to realize their synergies on combinations of items. The
Combinatorial auction is appropriated for bandwidth commodity because most
Bidders in the market have synergies on the combination of items. For
Example, if we want to get bandwidth between boston and dc, we would bid for
Boston - ny and ny - dc. It will be valuable to us only if we won both links. If
We won only one link, it will be useless.
In the paper, they propose the auctioning method but their method has not
Been tested or validated yet. I have not checked their proposition
Mathematically but their paper was published in management science so I think
It should be all right. I will look at it in more details and let you know.
Anyhow, there are also other combinatorial auctions that are actually used,
For example, the alberta government' s ppa auction that enron canada was
Participated 3 - 4 months ago.
Based on our long position on bandwidth, auction and exchange might be a good
Channel to dispose our unused (or unsold) bandwidth. I know there is not much
Demand in the market. But if we open a combinatorial auction or exchange, we
Might be able to increase our market share. (by taking demand from our
Competitors). I believe, at the moment, there are no bandwidth exchanges that
Allow" combinatorial" bids. If we are the first one to do it, we might
Improve our sale channel and gain some market share. (note: auction - > one
Seller and many buyers: exchange - > many sellers and many buyers.)
Moreover, I think auctioning the unsold bandwidth will not hurt us because we
Cannot sell them anyway. In addition, we ourselves can be a dummy bidder in
The system and bid in the auction. If the current wining bid is too low, we
Can just over - bid it and keep the product. This way, we can indirectly put a
Reserve price on the products.
Let' s meet sometime in the first week of january.
- chonawee