Subject: hI vince!
Please let me know if university affairs cana ssist in setting up interviews
To address the ees issues raised by maheshram. I' m at beaver creek in
Colorado now, and will be in california making presentations of various
Cases for completeing my phd course work jan 3 - 4. Back in houston on the
5 th. If anything needs to get arranged on this before then, please feel free
To call mike rosen at 3 - 9624. He will be happy to help.
Thanks vince!
May your new year be filled with peace - of - mind, good health and many joys!
See you there!
Best regards! - - christie.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick/hou/ect on 12/29/2000
12: 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" vittal, maheshram" on 12/26/2000 10: 59: 38 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:"' christie. Patrick@ enron. Com'"
Subject: re: houston trip
Dear vince/christie,
Thanks for coming to philadelphia to present an overview of the projects. We
Enjoyed meeting you and your colleagues and look forward to working with
Enron. I would also like to pass on my team' s appreciation for the dinner as
Well.
We wanted to give you an update on our project and get some feedback and
Additional information prior to our upcoming visit to houston on january
19 th. Our project is going to be geared to the 3 rd option you mentioned. We
Plan on addressing some part of the retail energy services business. We are
Considering two options regarding this topic and would like to pursue either
(i) how customers are acquired and recommending new processes and ways to
Serve retail customers, or
(ii) studying the supply chain and coming up with recommendations for areas
For further investments.
However, we would like to get some more information on the retail energy
Services before truly scoping the project. We are also very open to
Suggestions, especially if you had a much broader or different scope in mind;
So please let us know.
We have not yet reviewed the introductory information received last week, but
Here are the questions we have specific to the retail energy services unit:
Can we look at its overall business plan or a more detailed summary than is
In the annual report?
What is the pricing philosophy/overall structure?
Who are the customers and how are they acquired?
What would the customers be doing if they did not work with enron?
What are the international expansion plans and capabilities?
Is there any important regulatory summary information we can have?
If this information is not already covered in the review material you sent,
Will you be able recommend other sources where we may find such information?
After we have reviewed the material sent to us recently, we may want to
Schedule a phone call with you and/or one of your colleagues directly
Involved in the retail energy services business. I would like to call you in
The new year to discuss this further. In the meantime, please feel free to
Call me at (215) 546 - 9416 if you need any information.
Regards,
Retail energy services tiger team
Ram
Dennis
Jason
Omar
Steve
Clay