Subject: f/up
Sheila,
I am forwarding you a message I received a few days ago. I want to ask you
For advice how to handle this case.
My first reaction was to ignore it. The longer I think about it, the more
Convinced I become that some action
Is required.
Let' s try to reverse the situation and assume for the sake of argument that a
Female employee
Was harassed by a male colleague. An employee informs her boss a few months
Later about
The alleged incident and the boss chooses to ignore it. In many similar
Cases, courts subsequently
Found against the companies that decided to turn a blind eye to such
Complaints.
The fact that we are dealing with the case of reverse harassment is
Immaterial.
If I ignore this complaint I may expose the company to charges of double
Standard in
Handling sexual harassment cases.
My recommendation would be to ask maureen to attend sensitivity training and
Sexual harassment prevention class.
Please, let me know what you think. Sorry to burden you with this case.
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 12/29/2000
11: 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Clayton vernon@ enron
12/21/2000 03: 51 pm
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: f/up
Vince -
I got your message (I was up on the roof of the building helping to fix the
Weather satellite dish - what a gorgeous view of houston!).
I appreciate your words. Everything remains fine, vince. You are my" father"
Here at enron, and I admire and respect you greatly. I think I know the kind
Of person you are, in terms of your integrity, and I admire the high
Standards you set for all of us in your extended" group."
I want to let you know I am not the only one in the group who doesn' t
Appreciate the way maureen disrespects you. You remain the key external
Factor in their success - it is not simply their own abilities that matter to
Their futures but your own - vince' s - success with upper management that
Matters.
We respect you, and we don' t like it when you are disrespected. Maureen
Didn' t disrespect me today, vince, she disrespected you.
It' s time I told you something. Last april, maureen, highly intoxicated
Following a work - related function at ninfa' s, made an unsolicited predatory
Sexual advance on me at my desk on the 19 th floor. I was shocked and
Disgusted, but I didn' t say one word about this, vince, because I played it
Out and didn' t want to put you into the position of having a raving maureen
In your midst as you perhaps had to fire her and then endure a litany of
Gender - bias crap lawsuits.
I" took one for the team," vince. I can' rt say I would do it again - maureen
Is brazen to berate me after what she did, in public no less.
I appreciate your bringing me into enron. I' ve found a respectful and,
Indeed, a loving work environment. I remain willing to do whatever I can to
Help the group.
Clayton