Subject: re: creditdotcom projects
Amitava,
Can you schedule a brainstorming session with vasant, tanya, rakesh, myself
And ben (if possible)?
What about the trip on monday. Has it been scheduled?
Vince
Amitava dhar@ enron
01/03/2001 08: 30 am
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, ben parsons/lon/ect@ ect
Cc: vasant shanbhogue/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: creditdotcom projects
The following is a good summary from vasant about the projects and what is
Ahead of us.
Ben, please let me know when things are ready; I can plan my trip accordingly.
Thanks,
Amitava
Enroncredit. Com is working on 3 main models - - - the fmc model, the placement
Model, and the movement model.
Fmc model: provides credit default swap price curves for 16 ratings with 33
Industry offsets. Each day, this model takes the previous day' s trader
Curves and adjusts them for the movement in bloomberg yields and observed
Swap prices.
Placement model: uses linear regression to credit default swap prices using
Dummified ranges for market capitalization, liquidity, kmv score, etc. One
Main issue here is that the dataset is biased towards investment grade
Names. Alternate approaches looked at developing separate models for
Separate sunsets of names.
Movement model: provides an alert system for news. This is under
Development.
Current involvement of houston research group members is in the
Development/modifications of the placement model, especially in thinking
Through the various single vs multI model approaches. We can help in the
Brainstorming for better models for subsets. One main project right now is
To get a separate model for subsidiaries, and to exclude subsidiary names
From the main regression.
Value - at - risk is based on historical variance - covariance approach.
The portfolio model is under development.
Agenda for houston research group members:
Once sufficient data is collected, start reviewing for potential analytic
Relationships.
Get weekly updates from london, and provide feedback.
Plan on a trip if the work warrants it, once the agenda is fairly well drawn
Out, and data is available for analysis.