Subject: re:
Vince/stinson,
The note below gives us the authorization to proceed. I have received no
Comments from wade on my signing, but I have his approval for the study, so i
Will proceed on that basis.
Since we do not have any format of confidentiality agreement from jim, let us
Use the one signed by the legal team for the japan study by henwood. In this
Reference, could you (stinson) get this from either heather mitchell, or john
Viverito (who is the lawyer involved with japan, reporting to alan
Aronowitz). We could use that as template and proceed before friday on that
Basis.
Regards,
Sandeep.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli/enron _ development on
01/03/2001 10: 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
James a hughes
01/03/2001 11: 08 pm
To: sandeep kohli/enron _ development@ enron _ development
Cc: wade cline/enron _ development@ enron _ development
Subject: re:
I have already given authorization to proceed. However, I did not know we
Were providing the data. That is the thing I am looking for most - the raw
Information on what the grid and stack looks like. We need this asap. How
Do we get this done quickly?
Jim
Sandeep kohli
01/02/2001 10: 55 pm
To: wade cline/enron _ development@ enron _ development, james a
Cc:
Subject:
Wade/jim,
My apologies for missing the conference calls yesterday and today. I was not
Able to download my messages in time for the calls, but I will be on going
Forward.
While I am still on vacation, I have been in conversation with vince and the
Research group following up on the henwood study we had spoken about. We
Have received a formal proposal from henwood, and they are wanting
Authorization to go forward. The study will get us the despatch forecasts
For the next 8 - 10 years, and will deliver the results by january end, per
Henwood.
Vince and I have reviewed the proposal, and feel that we should proceed. We
Will be fine tuning the assignment as we go forward. The big issue there is
The data for the model/s, and at this point henwood is relying more on us to
Provide the data. We spoke to henwood yesterday, and I will be on another
Call with them on friday.
I need your confirmation on the following:
That I have your approval to proceed ahead with the study
That the study shall be paid for by dpc, and if so, is it ok for me to sign
The authorization being sent by henwood
We will need a formal confidentiality agreement to be in place by tomorrow
(jim - if you have a particular format, please let me know)
I am leaving the issue of hourly rates and cost to the research group since
They have more experience in dealing with groups like henwood. They feel the
Costs are reasonable, and I will leave it at that.
We will need to collect data from the different sources we have in india, and
I have proposed that there be a formal session in india between henwood and
The ene team in india in the week between 10 th and 15 th. This is important
To insure that there are no disconnects, and that there are no illusions on
The quality of the data that will be available. It will also help us
Formalize the scope and better define the issues. In order to meet the
Deadlines, the data will have to be in place by january 15 th.
I will call jim later today (I had called but you were on a call). I am here
Till the weekend when I leave for india. Please let me know if this
Arrangement is ok.
Regards,
Sandeep.