Subject: re: benchmarking study
Sally,
Thanks. The name of the person is at the bottom of this sequence of messages.
Vince
Enron north america corp.
From: sally beck 01/05/2001 09: 27 am
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: re: benchmarking study
I passed this information along to some of my direct reports for their
Thoughts, and truthfully didn' t hear back from anyone and didn' t follow up.
Two years ago, we agreed to be part of a benchmarking study that was done by
Aa' s houston office (interestingly enough, wes colwell was the aa partner who
Led this effort) and we had mixed results. The study was designed to cover
Gas and power. Despite our involvement in the steering committee, the study
Itself was very, very detailed, such that it was troublesome to complete.
Jim fallon at the time refused to submit information on the majority of the
Questions surrounding power, so our survey data for power was not very
Useful.
I would agree that at this time we will pass on this request. Thanks for
Passing it along, however. I would be happy to convey this directly to the
Person that has contacted you. Just let me know his/her name and number and
I will follow through on that if you would like.
Hope that your holidays was enjoyable and that the new year will be a good
One for you. - - sally
Vince j kaminski
01/03/2001 03: 29 pm
To: sally beck/hou/ect@ ect
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: benchmarking study
Sally,
I gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request.
They renewed their request for enron' s participation.
What is your view on this? Do you think the benefits of knowing what' s
Going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the
Project.
My recommendation is to forget it.
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 01/03/2001
03: 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" theresa sanders" on 12/27/2000 01: 32: 18 pm
To:
Cc:
Subject: benchmarking study
Dear vince,
Peter nance and I wanted to follow - up our discussion of enron' s participation
In our benchmarking study. Have you discussed enron' s participation in the
Project with your colleagues?
Here is a small sample set of metrics that were taken from a comprehensive
List of over 700 metrics. The study group will decide which metrics to use.
With eei' s credibility and teknecon' s technical expertise, we intend to
Become the industry standard in benchmarking. We would very much like to
Have enron participate in the study.
I would be happy to set up another meeting with you and your colleagues with
Peter nance if you think that would be helpful.
Best regards,
Theresa sanders
Director of business development
Alliance of energy suppliers
Edison electric institute
Tel: 202 - 508 - 5183
- eeI metrics - short list. Xls
- ebrochure. Doc
- riskbenc. Ppt