Subject: re: action learning project information
Kathy,
Enron will be represented by myself (vince kaminski) and kenneth parkhill.
Vince
Kathy spradling on 01/05/2001 05: 04: 21 pm
To: (recipient list suppressed)
Cc: chamberl@ rice. Edu, castro@ rice. Edu, spradlin@ rice. Edu
Subject: action learning project information
Dear company representative,
We are pleased to announce that your company , s proposal has been selected
As a potential project in the jones graduate school of management' s action
Learning project (alp) program. As indicated in the alp brochure, company
Representatives are invited to attend the alp program introduction and
Student networking session on wednesday, january 10. Please rsvp to kathy
Spradling, mba program coordinator, at 713 - 348 - 3313 or e - mail her at
Spradlin@ rice. Edu by monday, january 8 to let her know if you plan to
Attend the session. Please provide your company name and the names of
Representatives attending the session so nametags can be prepared. Dress
Is business casual. Below is the schedule of events:
8: 30 9: 00 a. M.
? Continental breakfast and setup of your company table
? Farnsworth pavilion (located in rice student center)
9: 00 9: 45 a. M.
? Introduction and program overview with company representatives, alp
Administration and faculty liaisons
? Farnsworth pavilion (located in rice student center)
10: 00 12: 00 p. M.
? Student networking session with company representatives and
First - year students
? Grand hall (located in rice student center)
The alp program introduction and student networking session will be held in
The rice student center (numbers 10 and 11 on the campus map sent with your
Acceptance letter). Please contact kathy spradling if you need an
Additional map faxed to you. There is a large amount of construction taking
Place on campus. Once the visitor , s lot near the rice memorial center is
Full, we recommend you park in the stadium lot in the designated visitor
Area and take the shuttle bus to the rice memorial center. Make sure to
Let the bus driver know your destination.
The mba program office has reserved the grand hall for the student
Networking session. Each company represented will have a table set up with
Signage for your company. You may bring additional materials you feel
Might be of interest to students such as company brochures, articles and
Packets. Due to the limited space, we are discouraging the use of display
Boards in the networking session. Unfortunately, no internet connections
Will be available for use during the session.
Again, thank you for your interest in rice. We look forward to working
With you, and hope to see you on wednesday, january 10.
Carrie miller
Pam castro
Kathy spradling
Kathy m. Spradling
Mba program coordinator
Jesse h. Jones graduate school of management
Rice university
6100 main street, ms 531
Houston, texas 77005 - 1892
Phone: (713) 348 - 3313
Fax: (713) 348 - 5251
Email: spradlin@ rice. Edu
Http:// www. Rice. Edu/jgs
E - mail: spradlin@ rice. Edu
Http:// www. Ruf. Rice. Edu/~jgs /