Subject: a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert
Title: a colossal and dangerous failure
Url: http:// www 20. Cera. Com/eprofile? U = 35 & m = 2185
Overview: western energy  * california governor stays the course
California governor gray davis provided his strongest public statements to
Date regarding the state , s power crisis in his annual state of the state
Address on january 8, 2001. Echoing many of his previous positions on what he
Perceives as a flawed and unfair california market structure, the governor
Labeled the state , s electricity market system a colossal and dangerous
Failure. Among other actions, he launched new initiatives valued at $1
Billion to encourage conservation, provide financing and land to new
Generators, grant authority to utilities to engage in a portfolio of
Transactions to manage electricity costs, and increase regulatory scrutiny of
Existing market suppliers. The governor also called for a greater role for
The state in overseeing and constructing new power plants.
The governor acknowledged that the actions proposed are only some of the
Steps necessary to put california on the road to recovery. Details regarding
Sources of funding for the initiative are still forthcoming. Although he
Stated that california , s investor - owned utilities must not be allowed to go
Bankrupt, no formal plan for ensuring their solvency was given. The financial
Community continues to lack the assurance it requires to continue to provide
Financial backing for pacific gas and electric and southern california
Edison. At this time the state legislature remains the body most likely to
Guarantee their solvency.
The governor again criticized the federal energy regulatory commission for
What he believes has been its failure to manage and restrain properly the
Wholesale market. Merchant plant generators were accused of gouging the
State, and it was suggested that these generators acted illegally in their
Operations, jeopardizing the reliability of the power grid. New, more severe
Sanctions were promised for those caught withholding power or extracting what
Investigators find as unreasonable profits.
A los angeles times poll released the morning before the governor , s address
Indicated that the majority of californians still do not believe there is an
Energy crisis. Although the 33 percent growth in the state , s economy over the
Past ten years has nearly outstripped the state , s and surrounding region , s
Supplies of power, the bulk of the governor , s statements continue to focus on
The culpability of power producers, rather than the serious supply shortfall.
Though the governor introduced steps to fund and facilitate the construction
Of new generating plants, increased regulatory scrutiny and the threat of
Sanctions will exacerbate the concern already expressed by plant developers
And the financial community that the investment climate in california is
Excessively risky.
* * end * *
Follow above url for complete report.
Come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001," shooting the rapids:
Strategies and risks for the energy future" in houston, february 12 - 16,
2001! For more information and to register, please visit
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/ceraweek /
E - mail category: alert
Cera knowledge area (s): western energy,
To make changes to your cera. Com account go to:
Forgot your username and password? Go to:
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/client/forgot
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
From cambridge energy research associates, inc. (cera) which is
Confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
Distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
In whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of use: http:// www 20. Cera. Com/tos
Questions/comments: webmaster@ cera. Com
Copyright 2000. Cambridge energy research associates