Subject: extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe - cera
Insight
Title: extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe
Url: http:// www 20. Cera. Com/eprofile? U = 35 & m = 2184
Overview: a comprehensive reform of gas legislation in central and eastern
Europe is bringing the region in line with the european union , s gas
Directive. This is true both for the countries expected to enter the union by
2004 ) 05  * czech republic, estonia, hungary, poland, and slovenia - - and for
Candidates whose entry is not scheduled before the end of the
Decade - - bulgaria, latvia, lithuania, romania, and slovakia. In cera , s view
Current developments regarding the establishment of a legal framework for the
Internal gas market in eastern and central europe look promising from an
Investor , s point of view.
The candidate countries presented a review of progress made in the
Implementation of the eu gas directive during a two - day workshop held by the
European commission and the world bank in paris in november.
Many of these countries have been reforming their energy industries
Throughout the 1990 s as part of their transition to a market economy. The
Results have been mixed, particularly in the utility industries. The 1998 gas
Directive (adopted in august 2000) now offers a compelling incentive for eu
Candidate countries to transform their gas industries, while providing a road
Map to guide them.
The critical points relevant to harmonization between the european union and
Candidate countries include the following:
* legal framework and regulation. The legal framework is the cornerstone of
Enlargement and the yardstick of harmonization in europe. As a result, in all
Candidate countries in 1999 ) 2000 energy laws were either updated or newly
Established along the principles spelled out in the gas directive. Regulatory
Bodies have been created by law and are operating in every country, although
Issues of staffing, financial autonomy, and independence from political
Influence are not uniformly resolved.
* third - party access (tpa) and long - term take - or - pay contracts. All candidate
Countries agree that tpa is a key to market competition. Therefore, all have
Adopted it or intend to do so in their new legislation. Although the
Commission favors regulated tpa, the specific approaches to tpa enforcement
In the candidate countries remain unclear in some cases. In particular, the
Implementation of tpa will have to address the issue of long - term take - or - pay
Contracts with russia that were signed by all major domestic gas companies
And somewhat preempt competition. Russian gas is for the most part sold to
Single, traditional state - owned operators that dominate their internal
Markets. A balance will need to be struck between these incumbent dominant
Players and the competitive environment. This is made more complicated by
Their ownership of large volumes of russian gas supplied in kind in exchange
For transit rights to west european customers. Article 25 of the directive
Provides for!
A derogation to companies experiencing difficulties stemming from take - or - pay
Obligations. This derogation would apply to the companies of candidate
Countries with historical and commercial links with the russian gas industry.
Furthermore, article 26 allows derogations to those member states with only
One major gas supplier, to those with an  +  + emerging gas market
Status, , , or to those without a direct gas connection to the grid of another
Member state. Most of the candidate countries would in principle be able to
Call on one or more of these grounds for derogation when they join the
European union.
* price cross - subsidies. Residential gas tariffs are artificially low and are
Financed partially through higher rates applied to industrial consumers. In
Various countries, tariff increases and the phasing out of subsidies have
Been scheduled, but such decisions remain politically sensitive to enforce.
This has recently been emphasized by high gas prices owing to the linkage of
Imported gas to oil prices. All candidate countries have set legal frameworks
That include the phasing out of cross - subsidies as part of sector reform, but
The actual implementation will remain politically difficult. As table 1
Indicates, price rebalancing is already under way in most countries expected
To enter the european union by mid - decade, but the legal framework itself
Cannot guarantee the pace of reform. The same goes for candidate countries
That have only recently introduced eu - complying energy laws and whose entry
To the european union is likely to happen in a longer time frame.
* unbundling. Most countries understand that the unbundling of transmission
Companies from their supply businesses is the second critical element of
Liberalization. To date, unbundling the accounts of these two businesses is
All that has been adopted by the member states or in the candidate countries.
In the future, the commission is likely to press all eu countries for legal
Separation ( & structural unbundling  8) of the businesses, and candidate
Countries will have to pursue their reform of the gas sector accordingly.
Table 1 gives an overview of the state of play in candidate countries. As the
Table shows, the countries belonging to the second group have only very
Recently undertaken the reform of the gas sector in accordance with the
Directive, whereas change had been introduced earlier in the countries
Scheduled for the first wave.
* * end * *
Follow above url for full report.
Come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001," shooting the rapids:
Strategies and risks for the energy future" in houston, february 12 - 16,
2001! For more information and to register, please visit
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/ceraweek /
E - mail category: insight
Cera knowledge area (s): european gas,
To make changes to your cera. Com account go to:
Forgot your username and password? Go to:
Http:// www 20. Cera. Com/client/forgot
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
From cambridge energy research associates, inc. (cera) which is
Confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
Distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
In whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of use: http:// www 20. Cera. Com/tos
Questions/comments: webmaster@ cera. Com
Copyright 2000. Cambridge energy research associates