Subject: fyi: forward
HI vince,
The following is what I wrote to molly as she prepares the contract for me to
Work with enron.
I thank you for allowing me to work with enron and will do all that I can to
Make you happy with my candiates and performance.
Thank you for you support vince.
Will check in soon,
Jeff
Sorry about the mix - up on the email molly.
I hope you get this one.
As most good corporations like enron have predefined contractual arrangements
To do executive search business I will be happy to abide by your terms and
Rules.
And to be quite honest - enron is about the" best it gets" so, I prefer to not
Draft a contract this time or for this relationship - I will wait for yours to
Be signed by me. The only stipulation I request of you is that upon
Contractual performance, enron accounts payable please wire my funds to my
Account as I have a multI - currency account denominated in usd/canadian or
British pounds (which ever fits you as I may need to pay my counterparts in
The uk)... Other than that I have no perplexities.
I will send you my wire instructions later, either my bank in california or
In bermuda.
As I live in california and do contingency search, I must go off of my
Client' s" good word" on occasion and luckily haven' t had any problems so
Far... I always honor california verbal contract law - if I do not draft.
I think you fee payment of 20% is generous and the industry standard of 30
Day guarantee on replacement is fair. Obviously there is no deposit on any
Contingency and if there is a definite urgent need for a position to be
Filled only then will I ask your help for a minor deposit to aid in my
Overhead to shift all my resources to search on behalf on enron.
As enron has the in - house power to probably not need this service then
Obviously a deposit will not be required.
If you wish me to send my standard agreement then I will, but you have made
Yourself perfectly clear by phone what you are willing to do. I therefore
Will be happy to receive you contract and follow your instructions.
I thank you and vince for allowing me to work with enron and pledge to you my
Best work and candidates utilizing my network of contacts.
I am very excited about our new relationship and hope to give you my very
Best service.
Thank you very much for this opportunity molly, please send my your contract
So, that I may sign it and send it right back to you immediately. I am
Looking forward to working with vince and you.
Thank you again,
Jeff wesley
Ps - I can utilize to resources of management recruiters international usa and
Robert walters of the uk to aid in my service to you.
Best regards,
Jeff wesley
* get free, secure online email at http:// www. Ziplip. Com/*
- private 9498132241 original. Doc
- statement 9498132241 origina. Doc