Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Weather trading
The weather desk closed a 3 - year precipitation collar with payouts linked to
Natural gas prices. The transaction hedges included asian options from the
Gas market, precipitation floors from the weather market, and precipitation
Insurance from the insurance market. Eight companies were involved in the
Transaction including the following enron companies: egm, ena, enron re, and
Rmt. Along with the hedges, the end result of the transaction is cheap
3 - year precipitation call options and precipitation dependent natural gas
Call options for the weather desk.
Houston pipe line company
On thursday, january 11, american electric power (nyse: aep) announced that
They have executed a definitive agreement under which aep energy services gas
Holding co., a wholly owned subsidiary of aep, will acquire the stock of
Houston pipe line co. From enron corp. Included in this agreement are all of
The pipeline assets of hpl, as well as a 30 - year operating lease for the
Bammel storage facility, the houston loop and the texas city loop.
In the news
" enron is, in other words, the biggest, baddest b 2 b e - commerce company on the
Planet, and its experience belies the idea that innovation is impossible in
Large organizations." - - ecompany now, january/february 2001.
Brown bag
Mark your lunch calendars now for the upcoming brown bag featuring gary
Taylor, manager in weather trading. He will present an overview of the
Weather risk management market. It , s next thursday, january 18,
11: 30 am - 12: 30 pm, in 5 c 2. Rsvp today to ext. 5 - 7352.
Nuggets & notes
" what am I missing?!" - mike bradley, vice president/equity trading - egm
" do something!" - david vitrella, manager/equity trading - egm
" we may not do the most enrononline trades, but we do the largest" - larry
Gagliardi, director/oil products - egm
 & we have completed an efficient and successful transition from energy
Outsourcing to steel. Of course, as my dad used to say,  + talk' s cheap, takes
Money to buy whiskey. , in 2001, we' ll let our p & l performance do the bulk of
The talking.  8 - tim battaglia, vice president/steel origination - eim
Congratulations to william stuart, manager in currency trading and charla
Stuart, manager in community relations. They are the proud parents of aaron
Myles stuart, who was born january 9 and weighed 7. 11 lbs.
Sean keenan, associate in eim, and wife, katherine, are the proud parents of
William patrick, who was born january 1 and weighed 6. 4 lbs.
Carlos ruiz, associate in eim, and wife, maria, are excited to announce the
Arrival of their new baby boy. Cristobal ruiz was born on january 8 and
Weighed 7 lbs.
Welcome
New hires
Ena - thomas barkley, rakesh bharati, delmar davis, andrew edison, brendan
Fitzsimmons, patricia goode, michelle huber, ken lewchuk, wykena lipscomb,
Albert meyers, stacie mouton, victor munoz, wichaI narongwanich, christopher
Ordway, brent johnston, michael law, michelle wells, peter piorecki,
Eim ) jill lafave
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.