Subject: asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron
Gentlemen,
Here is a guy who is looking for a summer associate position. I looked at his
Resume and think that he may be worth talking to.
Pavel
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pavel zadorozhny/hou/ect on 01/12/2001
01: 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
DmitrI villevald on 01/03/2001
06: 56: 54 pm
To:" pavel zadorozhny (e - mail)"
Cc:
Subject: asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron
Dear mr. Zadorozhny:
Maxim philippov suggested that I write you. Being a first - year mba student
At owen graduate school of management (vanderbilt university) with a finance
Concentration, I am looking for a summer associate position at enron.
The area of my particular interest is enron' s risk management products
(commodity derivatives research and trading). Graduating from novosibirsk
State university with major in physics, I am eager to apply my experience
With the use of theoretical and statistical physics techniques to the
Managing of modeling processes and creating complex financial and trading
Models. I strongly believe that my graduate education coupled with
Undergraduate background in physics, solid work experience in finance and
Proven entrepreneurial spirit will allow me to contribute to enron as a
Summer associate.
I would really appreciate your advice regarding employment opportunities at
Enron and would like to find out more about enron capital & trade resources
Corp. I will call you within this week to follow up on my request.
Thank you very much for your time.
Sincerely,
DmitrI villevald
Enclosure: resume
>
P. S. Looking through an example of margin risk hedging at enron' s web site,
I think I found a small mistake there. Url of this page is
(producer
Application)
The second sentence of the paragraph beginning with" paradigm and enron
Exchange..."
States the following.
For example, if the actual margin is $1. 25/mmbtu for a given month, then
Paradigm will pay enron $0. 13/mmbtu. Alternatively, if the actual margin is
$2. 00/mmbtu, then enron will pay paradigm $0. 62/mmbtu.
I believe, if I am reading it correctly, the money should flow in the
Opposite direction, namely:
For example, if the actual margin is $1. 25/mmbtu for a given month, then
Enron will pay paradigm $0. 13/mmbtu. Alternatively, if the actual margin is
$2. 00/mmbtu, then paradigm will pay enron $0. 62/mmbtu.
Am I right?
Again, thank you very much for your time.
- resume. Doc