Subject: points for singh meet
Vince,
Please find below a note I had prepared for wade cline who is meeting with a
Representative of the prime minister' s office tomorrow.
I think you may find these points useful.
Additionally, I am attaching a copy of a small presentation I made, saturday
In mumbaI on roadblocks in the power sector with special reference to wat
Needs to be done to start trading (& its benefits).
I have been working with the henwood team that arrived today, and I think a
Good part of the data is now in place. I will be arranging meeting with some
Officicals from the transmission side and gather any additional data there
Too.
Krishan got in last night (I conveyed your best wishes to him). We will
Hopefully have a useful day with henwood folks tomorrow. I look forward to
Being in houston, possibly by the end of the coming week.
Hope you and the team are doing well!!
Regards,
Sandeep.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli/enron _ development on
01/15/2001 01: 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandeep kohli
01/15/2001 01: 17 am
To: wade cline/enron _ development@ enron _ development
Cc:
Subject: points for singh meet
Wade,
Please find below a brief note on what I feel your tack should be with
N. K. Singh (who is supposed to be a hard negotiator). I am assuming here that
This will be more of an introductory meeting where both sides are feeling out
The other. The two meetings I had arranged over the weekend, would
Hopefully, have given you a better idea of the thinking of at least these two
People o the issue.
Incidentally, in the indian system, the governor of any state is a central
Government nominee. He is the eyes and ears of the central govt. In the
State. Please see basak' s meeting in that light. The message he takes will
Likely go directly to the pmo in delhi. I will therefore be working closely
To convey the right impression.
For n. K. Singh clearly there are three things you would try to convey:
A description of the problem,
Some of the resultant consequences if it is not solved soon enough, and
Conveying the fact that there are win - win solutions well within the goi' s
Power to implement, that would in fact enhance his reputation and the
Country' s as one that lives up to its reputation
I would be careful to make the point that we are not going to give up any
Value, but are willing to be accomodative to mseb, gom, and goI needs, either
Through financial re - engineering, or through getting direct access to the
Market in some areas. This will also fly well with enron management that is
More comfortable with market risks than political.
Describing the problem
Dpc has a ppa, backed by goI mseb' s
Monthy collections not improving - are in the range of rs. 900 cr./month
Mseb, and gom clearly do not have the resources, in the short run (3 - 5 yrs.)
To meet these obligations; hence central intervention is needed.
In a grid of 13000 mw (maharashtra grid size), absorbing an additional 1440
Mw (phase ii) at one go is difficult; however if we take western region, grid
Size is 42000 mw. Clearly absorbing all the power in that framework is much
Easier.
To this if we add northern and southern grids, we can probably evacuate out
Another 500 - 700 mw through the interconnects. Hence, there is definitely
Value in looking at this issue at a national level.
Additionally, it is not just solvable at that level, but actually answers to
The crying need for power in the country, and hence is a boon for the govt.,
And should be treated as such.
Consequences of not solving the problem
We can call upon the sovereign guarantee, which will cover our partial
Payments. However, this would almost definitely lead to a deterioration of
The country' s credit rating - put back incoming investments into the
Petroleum sector (where private participation program is about to be unveiled
In 25 o we need to get someone to negotiate with. Please use
Your good offices to quickly form a representative group that includes
Central, state govt., and seb representatives so that we can work on the
Solution.
Without active participation from pm' s office, we are likely to waste
Precious time bouncing between the seb, gom, and various ministries of goi.
Hope this helps.
Regards,
Sandeep.