Subject: interview for japan office
Darren,
Tanya and I had a telephone interview for yumi. I do not know what
Kind of position you would offer her.
If you intended to let her do the work on quantitative modeling, her knowledge
In math seems very sallow. She is working on a math degree on stochastic
Process, but she can not explain what ito' lemma is. We also asked questions
About volatility of a basket, value at risk, etc. She did not have a clear
Answer.
If you intended to let her to be a junior trader, she might be ok. It seems
She has
Some experience of financial market, but I think you are much more qualified
To
Probe her than I do in this aspect.
Keep in touch,
Best regards
Zimin
From: darren delage@ enron on 01/12/2001 11: 59 am ze 9
To:" mm 21 yumi"
Cc: zimin lu/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: re: next tuesday
Good afternoon imokawa - san,
We would like to invite you to have a brief dialogue with some members of our
Research team. They would like to ask you to briefly expound on your
Mathematical studies. If you could please contact them next wednesday at
7: 50 am (it should be 4: 50 pm houston time, tuesday). The conversation should
Take no more than 20 minutes of your time, and will enable us to get a more
Enhanced understanding of your quantitative abilities.
Zimin lu, director of research, can be reached at 713 - 853 - 6388
To dial from japan, 0061 - 1 - 713 - 853 - 6388
If you could please send zimin a copy of your resume before the interview,
That would be much appreciated. You can call the above number to obtain the
Appropriate fax number.
I will be in touch with you shortly thereafter.
Sincerely,
Darren
" mm 21 yumi"
01/11/2001 08: 35 pm
To:
Cc:
Subject: thank you
Darren, thank you for cordinating everything.
I understand it takes time, this is
Only the first week of the year in japan, and I do not like to
Push you much. Normally, I have long meetings every thursday.
For other dates, I make best effort to fit the schedule for
Your convenience, including early morning or late evening.
I am looking forward to seeing you sometime soon.
Sincerely,
YumI imokawa