Subject: fw: winston
Debbie,
This is an update on the continuing winston saga. Tanya
Identified the sections of the code that produce inefficiencies
But the rest is in the winston' s hands.
Steve stock is very cooperative and takes a very rational, enron - first
Approach to the problem. Privately, my concern is that the code, based on
Tanya' s
Report to me, leaves a lot to be desired. The code tends to be a very
Mechanical
Implementation of the algorithm, developed without a series attempt to
Optimize it.
Let' s keep paddling along.
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 01/24/2001
08: 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: stephen stock/enron@ enronxgate on 01/23/2001 05: 38 pm
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: fw: winston
Vince,
... Just to keep you in the loop on the tanya/winston issue...
Regards
Steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: stock, stephen
Sent: tuesday, january 23, 2001 5: 36 pm
To: tamarchenko, tanya
Subject: re: winston
Tanya,
I just checked in with the contractors here..... And it looks like it might be
A good idea for you to spend about 30 minutes with them to give you a guided
Tour of their documentation.
It' s presented as a linked set of word documents and visio drawing, with
Links to all the reletive parts as hyperlinks. It' s pretty good and I imagine
It will be very usefull to you, but probably requires a little introduction
First.
Please feel free to come to my office whenever it is convenient. Even if i' m
Not available, the guys are just outside my office and I can easily stop
Whatever i' m doing to introduce you to the project manager.
Regards
Steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: tamarchenko, tanya
Sent: tuesday, january 23, 2001 4: 53 pm
To: stock, stephen
Subject: re: winston
Steve,
- we spent about 5 fruitful hours with winston last week.
- I pretty much understand the data flow when the code runs.
- I also got an idea where the time is spent during the execution of the code
By questioning winston.
I did not see any results of profiling the code. Winston' s opinion is (as i
Understood) that he knows how much time is spent
On different calculations and profiling is not easy to do, so we don' t need
To do it.
- based on above I suggested possible way to reduce the time credit model
Takes to run and we discussed it with debbie, who was
Going to arrange a meeting with winston.
- it might be useful to look at the documentation created by contractors, if
You have it handy - send it to me, please.
Thank you,
Tanya.
From: stephen stock/enron@ enronxgate on 01/23/2001 03: 38 pm
To: tanya tamarchenko/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: winston
Tanya,
How' s it going with code - review from your perspective?
... Did you manage to talk to our documentation contractors?
... If not, would you me to arrange for them to bring you the documentation as
It currently stands?
Regards
Steve