Subject: riskbrief - january issue
Riskbrief - http:// www. Financewise. Com/risk
Dear risk brief subscriber,
It , s been a while since you last received your monthly' risk brief' update
From financewise. But not without good reason - we' ve changed a lot.
We have launched an exciting online news product called' risknews'. This
Free website provides dedicated global coverage of all the top stories,
Informed analysis and best practice in the world of financial risk
Management, derivatives, technology and exchanges, people moves and key
Industry events. Breaking news is added to the website throughout the day,
Every day.
Another key benefit of risknews is a free weekly e - mail update covering
The need - to - know headlines and links back to the relevant news items. So,
If you can' t find the time to visit http:// www. Risknews. Net regularly,
Don' t worry, you can keep yourself informed with the weekly' risknews
Update'.
So, what does this mean for you?
From now on, as well as receiving your monthly' risk brief' e - mail
Summarising risk management news a month after it happens, you can now
Receive the weekly' risknews update'. The e - mail update is sent every
Friday and the service is free. Starting from friday 26 january you will
Receive your first' risknews update' with coverage from stories occurring
Just this week.
And finally  (
To celebrate this important milestone in our internet services
Development, we would like to offer you a free copy of the february issue
Of' operational risk', worth $70. This special issue serves as a guide to
The regulators , proposals on operational risk capital charges as contained
In the basle committee' s second consultative paper released in january
2001. Coverage contains market reactions, impacts and implications, as
Well as:
? Contributing articles from the regulators
? Views and reactions from banking analysts
? Views of the banking industry bodies
? Implications for the risk technology sector with interviews
Order your free copy (worth $70) now and check out http:// www. Risknews. Net
For the first time!
Your comments please e - mail us on
Mailto: web@ riskwaters. Com,
Best regards,
The risknews team (formerly risk brief)
If you think any of your business associates or colleagues would find
Risknews useful, please forward a copy of this e - mail to them for us.
Thanks!
All of risk waters group online services can be accessed through
Http:// www. Riskwaters. Com
Risk waters group ) providing products with accurate analysis and
Technical commentary on the latest developments in the world of finance,
Financial technology, credit, emerging markets, market data, bandwidth
Trading & telecoms, risk management and derivative products.
To unsubscribe to this list, send a blank message to
Mailto: financewise - unsubscribe@ listbot. Com or visit
Http:// www. Financewise. Com/public/edit/riskm/briefix. Htm and unsubscribe
From there.
To unsubscribe, write to financewise - unsubscribe@ listbot. Com