Subject: wharton business plan competition
HI anne!
Thank you for your reply. Enron is delighted to be a part of the wharton
Business plan competition!
First, our assistant in the university affairs group, melinda mccarty, will
Provide you with our logo.
Enron would definitely like to be judge in phase iiI and participate in the
Venture fair, including the display table.
As to the mentoring and university community program, let; s discuss that
Further so I can better judge our way forward.
After i' ve had the chance to discuss all of this with our entire university
Affairs and wharton team here at enron, you and I can get together to plan a
More difinitive participatory strategy for enron. I will call you next week.
Again, we at enron are very enthusiastic about participation with wharton in
This mutually interesting endeavor.!
Best regards!
- - christie.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick/hou/ect on 01/26/2001
06: 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" stamer, anne" on 01/26/2001 03: 47: 39 pm
To:"' christie _ patrick@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: wharton business plan competition
Dear christie:
Thank you for your voice mail. Things are moving along nicely with the
Competition. Phase iI deadline was today, so we hope to have some
Statistics in the next few weeks. I have attached the statistics from phase
I, for your files. Listed below are ways that enron could be involved, let
Me know in which (or all) of these enron would be interested in participating.
* we want to start listing our sponsors, so it would be really good if we
Could get your logo.
* also, does enron wish to be a judge in phase iiI and the venture fair
(vf)? For phase iii, we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business
Plans to be ranked. We anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon
* for the vf, we would need a judge to be present for the entire day. The
Vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students, venture
Capitalists, business entrepreneurs and faculty. The vf will be held in
Philadelphia on april 30 th.
* at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot
Table for exhibits or materials to hand out. We will need to know if you
Wish to use the exhibit space.
* we plan on providing our 25 semI - finalist teams with one - on - one
Mentoring. If enron is interested, that would be about 1/2 or 1 day
Commitment.
* there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community.
Would enron be interested in participating in something like this?
I look forward to working with you to make this year' s bpc a success. Thank
You.
Sincerely,
Anne stamer
>
Anne stamer
Wharton business plan competition
Wharton entrepreneurial programs
The wharton school
419 vance hall, 3733 spruce street
Philadelphia, pa 19104 - 6374
215 - 746 - 6460 (direct)
215 - 898 - 4856 (office)
215 - 898 - 1299 (fax)
Stamer@ wharton. Upenn. Edu
- phase ioverview. Doc