Subject: henwood power market symposium - april 2001
* we apologize for the previous message, we experienced an error in our system
Henwood power market symposium, april 29 th - may lst
We are excited to offer you an invitation to attend the henwood power market
Symposium. This annual three - day event will take place from april 29 to may
1, 2001 in atlanta, ga at the
Evergreen mountain resort. The goal of the symposium is to provide our
Guests a forum to conduct business across all energy markets through the
Sharing of experiences and innovations, and
Through numerous networking opportunities. Participants will also gain
Access to henwood' s software products, consulting services and e - business
Products, as a means to develop competitive
Strategies and unequalled value in restructured markets.
The focus of the symposium is to provide relevant discussion topics,
Technologies and competitive strategies. This year' s featured speakers
Include senior representatives from enron, conoco,
Electric power research institute, ferc, new england iso, and more.
Please register early because space is limited! If you register prior to
April lst, the symposium cost is only $875. After april lst, the
Registration fee will be increased to $975. Your registration is
Inclusive of the following:
* complete hotel accommodations for sunday april 29 th and monday april 30 th,
2001
* all meals and refreshments for april 29 th through may lst. A welcome
Reception is planned for sunday, april 29 th. This reception is an excellent
Opportunity to network with market participants
And decision - makers of the electric power industry.
* a river boat dinner cruise scheduled for monday, april 30 th on board the
Henry w. Grady paddlewheel riverboat. Spouses are welcome to attend the
Evening reception and dinner cruise.
A captain and crew golf tournament is also planned for sunday, april 29 th for
An additional fee. We invite golfers of all levels to participate in this
Event.
For more information contact heather mason (e - mail: hmason@ hesinet. Com) at
916 569 - 0985. You can also learn more about the symposium by visiting our web
Site at www. Hesinet. Com.
* make sure to ask about our special 2001 henwood client discount.