Subject: computerworld article
Fyi: several errors like' brokering' in the report but given the fact that
The guy had no clue what enron does or companies like it do, this came out
Okay. In all of the pr group' s marketing effort, enron as a market - maker is
The message.
Ravi.
- - - - - forwarded by ravI thuraisingham/enron communications on 02/05/01 10: 54
Am - - - - -
Shelly mansfield
02/05/01 10: 49 am
To: ravI thuraisingham/enron communications@ enron communications
Cc:
Subject: computerworld article
Shelly mansfield
Enron broadband services
713 - 853 - 4589 office
713 - 646 - 8887 fax
877 - 929 - 7889 pager
713 - 303 - 4720 cellular
- - - - - forwarded by shelly mansfield/enron communications on 02/05/01 10: 51 am
- - - - -
Norman levine
02/05/01 10: 08 am
To: shelly mansfield/enron communications@ enron communications
Cc:
Subject: computerworld article
Following is the computerworld article:
Link:
Enron seeks to broker storage deals between users, ssps
By lucas mearian
While technology service providers have long been talking about data storage
As a utility that should be sold in the open marketplace like electricity or
Natural gas, little has been done to pool market resources in order to hawk
Surplus disk - array capacity.
But that' s exactly what a subsidiary of houston - based energy and
Communications conglomerate enron corp. Is doing by launching a
Business - to - business exchange that it said will seek to match spare capacity
Owned by storage service providers (ssp) with corporate users who want to be
Able to quickly scale up and down the amounts of storage they have available.
Enron broadband services this week announced that it has already signed a
Deal with waltham, mass. - based storagenetworks inc. And is negotiating
Similar agreements with at least six other ssps. If successful, analysts
Said, enron' s business proposition could go far toward generating a set of
Operating standards for the emerging ssp business.
" it' s a market with mix of small and large players and companies that define
Their roles differently," said ken weilerstein, an analyst at gartner group
Inc. In stamford, conn. Enron' s plan also could help enterprise - level users
Get additional benefits along with the storage capacity they' re renting, such
As security and disaster recovery support, he added.
RavI thuraisingham, director of global bandwidth risk management at enron
Broadband services, said the new offering won' t include additional security
Features. But enron does plan to standardize on a set of ssp services and
Bundle them with disaster recovery and communications bandwidth capabilities,
He said.
Initially, enron - - which had total revenue of $101 billion last year - -
Expects to charge users monthly fees of $25 to $55 per gigabyte of managed
Storage, depending on market conditions and the length of time a company
Expects to need the capacity." we' re there to try to discover a market
Clearing price," said thuraisingham, adding that the service is tentatively
Due to go online in the third quarter.
Enron said it has already signed best buy co., one of the leading retailers
Of consumer electronics, computers and software in the u. S., to buy the
Storage capacity it needs to support a customer relationship management
Application through storagenetworks. Connecting users such as best buy to
Available storage could take anywhere from three days to three months,
According to thuraisingham.
Under enron' s plan, storage capacity owned by participating ssps will be
Connected to an existing network of switching hubs through which the company
Currently trades telecommunications bandwidth. Enron said it has 18 switching
Centers, or" pooling points," in the u. S., and another seven overseas.
At first, the company plans to focus its attention on ssps in boston and
Other metropitan areas where the necessary networking plumbing can be easily
Installed. But even there, thuraisingham said, enron is" pretty much in the
Initial stages of getting ssps up to speed on what the market is about."
Enron has been managing online trades of telecommunications bandwidth since
The spring of 1999. Later that year, it also launched a web site called
Enrononline that oversees the trading of natural gas, electricity and other
Commodities. That quickly became the world' s largest e - commerce site and is
Now said to be processing more than $1 billion worth of transactions daily.
Norman levine
Enron broadband services
713 - 853 - 5010
Norman _ levine@ enron. Net