Subject:@ jones: news and information from the jones school
@ jones: news and information from the jones school
February 15, 2001
Forbes magazine survey request
Financial times rankings: jones school is in top ten in four categories;
35 th of 51 u. S. Schools and 54 th of world' s best 100 mba programs.
Digital technology panel: february 20
2001 alumnI weekend: march 2 - 3
Lecture - - gordon bethune, ceo, continental airlines: march 5
Lecture - - bruce dunlevie, founder, benchmark capital: march 12
Neuhaus lecture - - c. K. Prahalad, professor, university of michigan: march
19
Dean' s lecture - - rodney eads, executive vice president, el paso corp.:
April 11
Black leadership conference: april 27
Rice alliance continues expansion of network, enhances services
Seven rules for success in the new economy
Tips on financial risk management by marc shapiro, vice chairman, j. P.
Morgan employed at three months; finance;
Entrepreneurship. Overall, the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u. S. Schools and
54 th among the world' s best 100 graduate business schools.
The yale club of houston and the jones school hosts a panel discussion on
Digital technology at 6 p. M. On tuesday, february 20 at 124 herring hall.
Rsvp by february 16. Cost is $20 for jones school alumnI and $25 for
Non - members/guests.
The 2001 alumnI weekend reunion will be held march 2 - 3, 2001. Register by
Feb. 16. Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu/alumni/alumnI _ weekend 2001. Html.
Gordon bethune, ceo of continental airlines, will speak at the jones school
At 9: 45 a. M. On monday, march 5 at 124 herring hall. AlumnI and students are
Invited to attend the lecture.
Bruce dunlevie, founder and general partner of benchmark capital, will
Speak at noon on monday, march 12 at the farnsworth pavilion, rmc/ley
Student center. Jones school students and alumnI are invited to attend.
C. K. Prahalad, harvey c. Fruehauf professor of business administration at
The university of michigan business school in ann arbor, will deliver the
2001 w. Oscar neuhaus lecture at 9: 45 a. M. On monday, march 19, 124 herring
Hall.
Rodney w. Eads, group executive vice president of merchant energy and
Production for el paso corp., will speak at the dean' s lecture series
Scheduled for 9: 45 a. M. On wednesday, april 4 at 124 herring hall.
This year' s black leadership conference, scheduled for april 27, brings
Together mbas, lawyers, accountants, engineers, healthcare professionals,
Educators, and entrepreneurs from houston to discuss key issues facing black
Professionals. Last year' s keynote speakers include ambassador cynthia
Shepherd perry, honorary consul general to senegal and ambassador berhane g.
Christos, ambassador of ethiopia.
The rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year
Determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit
In the rice community and in houston. The alliance brings together students,
Faculty, alumnI and other rice - associated parties as collaborators, mentors
And investors in engineering, science, software, or e - commerce innovations.
Murray weidenbaum, founder and chairman of the murray weidenbaum center on
The economy, government, and public policy, joins the jones
School as the ken lay, vinson & elkins visiting scholar through may 31. A
Noted expert on american and global economics and top adviser on economic
Issues during the nixon and reagan administrations, weidenbaum is working on
A study of u. S. And international trade policy, developing a high middle
Ground in a controversial area.
Marc j. Shapiro, vice chairman, j. P. Morgan & chase, talked about six tenets
Of success in financial risk management at the jan. 22 dean' s lecture.
A distinguished panel of e - commerce and energy industry leaders addressed
Current trends and the future of e - commerce at the jan. 10 forum" 2001: an
Internet odyssey" jointly hosted by the rice alliance for technology and
Entrepreneurship, the jones school, rice university executive education, and
Texasecomm.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Online:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the
New jones school building construction.
Learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school, and
View artist renderings of the new $60 million building, currently under
Construction. Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu/campaign/campaign. Html
@ jones: news and information from the jones school, the jones school
E - newsletter, is published monthly by the public relations department of the
Jesse h. Jones graduate school of management. The jones school website
Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu is updated frequently and we
Encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and
Information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school. To
Submit items to be posted on the jones school website, please e - mail
Jgsmnews@ rice. Edu.