Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
East power group
Enron power marketing, inc. (epmi) and enron wind corporation (ewc) have
Joined forces in a deal that combines the expertise of both enron
Subsidiaries. Ewc is developing the indian mesa wind farm in pecos county,
Tx. EpmI has agreed to purchase 135 mw of bundled capacity, energy and
Renewable energy credits ( firm dates will be announced soon.
If you have customers in the area interested in attending, please contact
Lucy ortiz at 713. 853. 3238.
In the news
What do enron, compaq, continental airlines and jpmorgan/chase bank know that
The city of houston doesn' t? They know that in order to attract top talent,
They must stay competitive and current in the employment market.
Domestic - partner benefits are a reality for those companies looking up toward
The future and down at the bottom line.
Does anyone really think these companies would be offering these benefits if
They weren' t cost effective and in the companies' best interests? - - houston
Chronicle (02/11/2001).
Welcome
New hires
Egm - kyle berryman/weather trading, carla murphy/operational accounting
Eim - elizabeth hutchinson/fundamental analysis
Ena - bryant frihart/origination enovate, lea sooter/public relations
Enrononline statistics
Below are figures for enrononline as of february 9, 2001.
* total life to date transactions > 670, 000
* life to date notional value of transactions > $410 billion
Nuggets & notes
 & who took the last twix out of the candy jar?  8 - andrea reed, vice president
/ fundamental analysis - eim
" i' m having an out of body experience..." - scott josey, vice president &
Co - manager/energy capital resources - ea
News from the global flash
Uk origination team closes first deal under neta
Congratulations to the uk origination team for closing their first
Transaction under neta and the first long - term customer contract to be signed
Under neta terms. On 7 th february, the team signed a 10 - year electricity
Supply contract with the manx electricity authority, making enron the sole
Supplier of the isle of man' s (iom) electricity requirements over the next
Decade. In addition to providing power to the inhabitants of the iom, enron
Will contractually manage the iom interconnector and all generation to the
Iom.
Enron direct expanding customer service operations
Enron direct continues to go from strength to strength, and as a result of
Continued growth, is expanding its customer operations to teesside, creating
46 new jobs. Enron direct will be setting up a new customer service center
At the etol administration building on the wilton international site. The new
Center is scheduled to open in april and will support enron direct' s existing
Call center and customer service operations in oxford. The 46 new employees
Will be recruited locally.
Enron credit
Enron credit announces the closure of its largest european digital bankruptcy
Swap (dbs) transaction to date with a new counterparty. In addition to
Detailed information on the dbs, registration on the web site
(https:// www. Enroncredit. Com/members/join. Asp) provides access to weekly
Bankruptcy blasts covering current credit risk topics.
Register today on www. Enroncredit. Com and take a look at how some of your own
Counterparties may be performing!
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.