Subject: re: vandy student
Kristin,
The problem with this guy is that we maxed out on the number of interns we
Can gainfully employ and provide adequate supervision. So, we have to pass on
Him.
Vince
Enron north america corp.
From: kristin gandy@ enron 02/16/2001 07: 54 am
To: stinson gibner/hou/ect@ ect, vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: vandy student
I hear that you have been in contact with this student. Do you have any
Interest in hiring him for a summer position? If not please just let me know
And I will call him to let him know.
Regards,
Kristin
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy/na/enron on 02/16/2001
07: 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
DmitrI villevald on 02/15/2001
04: 00: 51 pm
To:"' kristin. Gandy@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject:
Dear ms. Gandy:
Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to visit the owen
Graduate school of management at vanderbilt on january 23 - 24 for on - campus
Interviews for the summer associate positions at enron. It was a pleasure
Talking with you, and I hope I conveyed to you how excited I am about the
Prospect of applying my skills at enron.
I realize that enron offers a limited number of positions and greatly
Respect your choice of summer associates. I would like to ask you if there
Is any opportunity for me to work at enron during this summer for free. I am
Confident that my sincere interest in derivatives will allow me to greatly
Contribute to enron during this summer. I am particularly interested in
Enron research group. (I had a phone interview with mr. Gibner on january
31 st, and I sent him email yesterday asking for the opportunity to work for
Free during this summer).
I am looking forward to hearing from you. If I can provide more information
Or answer additional questions, please feel free to contact me either by
Telephone (615 - 496 - 1132) or via e - mail
(dmitri. Villevald@ owen 2002. Vanderbilt. Edu). Also, I am always ready to fly
To houston for additional interviews.
Again, thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
DmitrI villevald
Owen mba 2002