Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Egm fundamentals
Lowell bezanis joins us from eig (energy intelligence group). Lowell will be
A great resource for the group as he has had substantial experience covering
Middle east issues, as well having great contacts with the trade press. The
Egm fundamentals site has moved into production. Our new address is
Http:// egmfundy. Corp. Enron. Com comments and suggestion should be directed to
Heather purcell at 54057. Heather is also managing our enterprise - wide
Contract with pira for oil, electricity, natural gas and natural gas liquids.
Eim finance
The primary focus for the eim finance group is to assist transaction teams in
The execution of complicated transactions in which enron capital is being
Deployed. This may consist of executing the funding of specific transactions
In either the bank or capital markets. Currently the team is focusing on the
Creation of several off - balance sheet funding vehicles that can be drawn upon
To fund multiple transactions, as well as the financing of the recently
Announced daishowa acquisition. In addition, the group is focusing on the
Creation of an inventory finance vehicle that can be utilized to fund
Multiple steel (or other commodity) inventory financings. Bill brown leads
The group and notes," this is a very exciting time at enron. Eim is a great
Example of utilizing the enron wholesale business model in commodities other
Than gas and power. The ability to finance complicated transactions by using
Financial engineering skills developed around enron creates a competitive
Advantage to transaction teams and will allow us to develop new products and
Fund those products competitively without using large amounts of enron
Capital."
In the news
 & vision is dandy, but sustainable company excellence comes from a huge stable
Of able managers. If you don' t believe me, then go read first, break all the
Rules: what the world' s greatest managers do differently (simon & schuster,
1999), by gallup execs marcus buckingham and curt coffman. Here' s a
Boiled - down version of what they found: great managers are an organization' s
Glue. They create and hold together the scores of folks who power
High - performing companies.  8 ) tom peters, fast company, a subsidiary of u. S.
News & world report (2/20/01).
Revised presentation library link:
You can access the analyst slides at the url below. Simply go to this url,
Click on the enter button, and you have access to all the presentations made
At this meeting. Http:// 172. 28. 92. 190/bowne /
Welcome
New hires
Egm - leticia mcashan/financial operations
Ena - leann walton/research
Transfers
Ena ) joseph wagner, marcus edmonds, santiago garcia, stacy dunegan, shane
Green, roman zadorozhny, praveen mellacheruvu, seksan kiatsupaibul, charles
Ward, victor munoz paulette roberts
Egm ) steven jacobellis, margaret cowan, alisa green
Eim ) deborah chance, eugenio perez
Nuggets & notes
 & our vision for 2001 is to go from  & the world , s leading energy company  8 to  (.
 & the world , s leading company  8 - - jeff skilling at the all - employee meeting.
" can someone tell me which bank is dying to lend to the steel industry?" - -
Bill brown, vice president/finance eim
 & there , s no such thing as a comp emergency.  8 ) sheila knudsen, vice
President/human resources ena
News from the global flash
Weather deal
Enron has traded a weather derivative deal with the rock garden restaurant in
London' s covent garden. Based on a' cold day' index, the deal protects the
Rock garden from a summer that has too many days below a certain temperature
Between march and june. Once a number of days has been reached, the rock
Garden will receive a payout for each further day below that reference
Temperature. The payouts have been weighted to reflect the greater earning
Potential in some months compared to others. In a blind auction, enron beat
Six other risk takers to price the deal.
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.