Subject: fw: fw: question about ernie
Vince,
I left you a voice message that explains a little about the history of this
Inquiry (you may want to refer to that first).
Please let me know what you know about this and your opinion.
Thank you,
Anthony
* 36304
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: presas, gracie
Sent: monday, march 05, 2001 5: 38 pm
To: sexton, anthony
Subject: re: fw: question about ernie
Anthony,
Please contact vince kaminsky at ext. 3 - 3848. I think his group has this
Type of training set up. Ask him is you can be added to their classes. Let
Me know if this works for you.
Gracie
From: anthony sexton/enron@ enronxgate on 03/05/2001 01: 31 pm
To: gracie s presas/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: fw: question about ernie
Hi, gracie.
I' m just following up on my inquiry from last week. Have you begun any
Discussions on statistics classes?
Anthony
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: sexton, anthony
Sent: thursday, march 01, 2001 8: 28 am
To: presas, gracie
Subject: question about ernie
Gracie,
Does enron have any statistics classes? Ones more focused on basic
Statistics and the lingo (ex: alpha, beta, delta - gamma, type I & iI error,
Distributions, kurtosis, etc.) than the var class?
I have not seen any in the class schedule. In working with traders and
Studying risk mangement concepts, even our" experts" that know almost
Everything about marketing and modeling risk management products do not seem
To have an adequate understanding of basic statistics!!! This lack of
Knowledge basically makes my job as a fundamentals analyst (researching the
Underlying commodity markets for the purpose of maximizing egm/ea/eim
Profits) very inefficient.
If they already do not exist, I recommend that ernie institute two types of
Statistics classes (which mirror the existing finance class selection).
" introduction to statistics" (perhaps a database approach - including
Application to excel?) and" applied statistics" (which would be a more
Advanced approach that specifies how enron uses - or should use - statistics
In risk management marketing).
Please let me know what you think.
Cordially,
Anthony sexton
* 36304