Subject: re: weekly report
Vasant,
Yes, it' s perfect. Please, indicate that the wording was unfortunate.
Vince
Vasant shanbhogue
03/08/2001 11: 20 am
To: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect
Cc:
Subject: re: weekly report
HI vince,
Regarding david port' s response to kevin kindall' s email, I feel that i
Should respond, at least to make our position clear. Please indicate if the
Following response is appropriate - - - - - - -
" hI david,
I understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made
In one of his weekly reports. The intention was never to disparage anybody.
It is just that since research gets data from a large number of sources, we
Feel obligated to the data donor to ask any requester for clarification of
Need. I completely understand that rac typically has access to much
Sensitive information and they have a right to know much information. We
Just want to make sure there is open flow of information (it is in
Everybody' s best interests and the company' s best interests) and that
Everybody is aware of how data is flowing.
Best wishes,
Vasant"
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue/hou/ect on 03/08/2001
11: 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: david port/enron@ enronxgate on 03/08/2001 08: 46 am
To: kevin kindall/corp/enron@ enron
Cc: vince j kaminski/hou/ect@ ect, vasant shanbhogue/hou/ect@ ect, rudi
Zipter/enron@ enronxgate
Subject: re: weekly report
Kevin - thanks for the update.
On the stock option plans, if your angle is what I suspect, I suggest you get
With rudI zipter, who has done a great deal of work on this exposure,
Including characterising and actually booking the short option positions in
Enron' s equity system. We are already working with ben glisan' s team firming
Up a hedging program. We are well advanced in this effort so if you get with
My people it could save you a great deal of time.
Secondly, I am afraid I do take some exception to your references to naveen' s
Team in your last point. Generally in rac I don' t believe we are obliged to
Explain why we need information, except as a courtesy - otherwise that would
Compromise our role somewhat. Specifically, I am aware of the sensitivity of
Raptor, just as I am of the sensitivity of all the information my group is
Privvy to on a daily basis. Again, we have done a good deal of work on these
Structures too (I see a position report daily). As I have discussed with
Vince, naveen' s request would have been derived from a discussion we all had
With rick, concerning" meltdown" scenarios and their effect on, amongst other
Things, funding vehicles.
But I would rather have had a conversation about this than see slightly
Disparaging remarks about my people in email traffic.
Rgds
Dp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: kindall, kevin
Sent: monday, march 05, 2001 8: 19 am
To: kaminski, vince; shanbhogue, vasant
Cc: port, david
Subject: weekly report
>