Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
East power midwest origination
Beginning late 2000, east power marketing implemented a complete market
Coverage strategy. Since then, epmI has begun to develop relationships with
Hundreds of small  & mom & pop  8 municipalities. Many of these munis had no
Prior contact with enron. As a result, east power has executed a valuable 30
Mw energy call option term purchase from the municipal energy agency of
Nebraska (mean) at a congested location.
Enron industrial markets
Eim has renamed pulp, paper the state power
Exchange effectively replaced three monopoly buyers with one monopoly buyer.
Deregulation does not mean buying all of your commodity at the last minute,
On the spot market, rather than planning ahead and purchasing most of the
Power under long - term contracts that lock in prices.
The situation in california is the result of continued regulation,
Complicated by a series of natural and man - made factors.
Welcome
New hires
Egm - lowell bezanis, owen zidar
Eim - eric holzer, john ovanessian
Ena - mecole brown, nita garcia, ambroshia hunter, nikole jackson, junichi
Sugiura, theresa zucha, cynthia gonzalez, scott wilson, kenton schaefer,
Emily butler
Transfers
Ena - joseph hardy, nancy vu, lloyd miller, jinsung myung, patrick johnson,
Jason wolfe, andrew miles, sara shackleton
Eim - sherrI baldwin, debbie chance, rob saltiel
Egm - jody crook, neithard foley, juan paysse, bhavna pandya, courtney
Campbell, terrI denning
Nuggets & notes
" it is on the high side of medium to high." - - tim battaglia, vice
President/steel origination eim (discussing the probability of a transaction
Closing).
 & I wanna see the phone glued to your ear!  8 - - ed baughman, vice
President/east power mid market ena
 & referrals, referrals, referrals! It pays to know good people." ) ambroshia
Hunter perry/hr ena
You requested more info  (. Proud parents michelle vitrella, pr coordinator,
And husband david vitrella, manager of trading, have named their baby girl
Lily ann. She was born on february 27, 2001.
Learning at the speed of enron
If you haven' t had a chance to log on to www. Investinme. Enron. Com, you' re
Missing a fast and easy way to gain the information you need to get ahead and
Stay ahead. This new ews training site combines everything you loved about
Ernie with much, much more. Enron employees now have the ability to register
For hundreds of classes on industry - related topics anywhere in the world.
Don' t have time to attend a classroom training? No problem, you can now use
The web site to search for books, videos, cd rom, and web - based training. All
The learning you want, anytime, anywhere. Just go to
Www. Investinme. Enron. Com and start building your future today!
News from the global flash
Enron wind
Enron wind has purchased the factory facilities of the dutch company, aerpac,
Europe' s second largest producer of wind turbine rotor blades. This move
Represents a significant step towards fulfilling enron wind' s strategic
Objective of manufacturing high - quality and technically sophisticated rotor
Blades in - house. Enron wind will be using its own moulds to produce the
Rotor blades. The acquisition of the almelo - based factory facilities, which
Are only 60 kilometres from enron wind' s facilities in salzbergen, germany,
Gives the company a convenient base for european wide distribution.
Enron applies for greek electricity trading license
Enron, through its subsidiary enron power mepe, has applied for an
Electricity supply license for greece, for the 34% market opening on feb 19 th
2001. If the license application is successful, enron will be allowed to
Approach customers consuming more than 100 gwh up to a combined total peak
Capacity of 350 mw. In total, 4 companies have applied for power trading
Licenses (enel, atel and cinergy also applied).
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.