Subject: stanford summer associate and full - time associate recruiting
Greg:
Just an update on the stanford summer associate and full - time associate
Recruiting efforts:
We have pre - selected 19 summer associate candidates and 7 full - time associate
Candidates. The schedule of interviewers for round 1 and round 2 is listed
Below. I was able to get elliot mainzer and steve swain on the round 1
Interview schedule. They were tim belden' s picks for interviewers from his
Group. I have left a message for chris calger to see if he might be
Available for round 2 interviews and am waiting to hear back from him.
Listed below are logistics. Let me know if you are available for friday
Interviews.
Regards,
Celeste roberts
Wednesday, march 14, 7: 00 p. M. To 9: 00 p. M. Dinner with students selected to
Interview
Il fornaio, the sala del canaletto room
520 cowper street, palo alto
(650) 853 - 3888
Attire: business casual
Enron attendees:
Vince kaminskI - md
Brad alford - vp
Matt harris - vp
Brad romine - mgr
Theresa riedman - mgr
Steve swain - mgr
Elliot mainzer - mgr
Martin lin - mgr
Mauricio mora - associate
Celeste roberts - director
Althea gordon - recruiter
Thursday, march 15, 8: 30 a. M. To 4: 45 p. M. Round 1 interviews for both
Summer and full time associates
Stanford gsb career services center
Interviewers:
Theresa riedman
Brad romine
Brad alford
Martin lin
Elliot mainzer
Steve swain
Mauricio mora - greeter/alternate interviewer
Thursday, march 15, 12: 15 p. M. To 1: 30 p. M. Lunch with dean george parker
(associate dean of academics) and
Sherrie taguchI (director of career services).
Stanford gsb career services center
We will be ordering lunch in.
Friday, march 16, 8: 00 a. M. To 12: 00 p. M. * round 2 interviews for both
Summer and full time associates
Stanford gsb career services center
Interviewers:
Vince kaminski
Matthew harris
* please note that this is an approximate time that will be based on the
Number of candidates who successfully pass round 1 interviews on thursday.
Your hotel information is as follows:
Stanford park hotel
100 el camino real
Menlo park
(650) 322 - 1234
Upon confirmation of your participation you will receive your hotel
Confirmation number. In the event that you have not received your hotel
Confirmation number please contact cathy lira, at x 54049.