Subject:@ jones: news and information from the jones school
@ jones: news and information from the jones school
March 13, 2001
Forbes magazine survey
AlumnI association reception - - new york: march 15
Conference - - perspectives on women in business: march 16
Southwest business plan competition - - march 30 - 31
Rice alliance business presentation forum - - march 30
Cancelled - - neuhaus lecture: march 19
Dean' s lecture - - ralph eads, executive vice president, el paso corp.: april
11
Black leadership conference: april 27
Prof. Stephen zeff publishes new book on henry rand hatfield, accounting
Historian
Rice alliance continues expansion of network, enhances services
Jones school campaign
Visit construction site
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Announcement
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
If those of you in the class of 1996 haven' t received the forbes magazine
Survey, please do fill it out when it comes. Forbes is looking at return on
Investment. Your names and addresses will not be used for any other purpose
Beyond this one - page questionnaire and your responses will remain
Confidential. As you know, rankings are influenced by the percentage of the
Class which returns the survey. This is true for all rankings. We greatly
Appreciate your taking your time to do this and thank you for supporting the
Jones school.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
News
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The jones graduate school alumnI association will host a dean' s reception on
Thursday, march 15, in new york city. You and your guest are invited to join
Gil whitaker, dean and professor of business economics, for cocktails and
Hors d , oeuvres from 6 to 8 p. M. On march 15 at the 50 th floor, j. P. Morgan
Chase & co. Building, 270 park avenue, new york, ny. Please rsvp to deanna
Sheaffer, director of finance and alumnI affairs, at sheaffer@ rice. Edu or
713 - 348 - 6222.
Managers and business owners will address issues related to women in
Leadership in the march 16 conference" grace under pressure: perspectives on
Women in leadership" in herring hall. The conference, sponsored by enron
Corp., j. P. Morgan chase monika drake, assistant director of career planning, jones
School; marla hutchison, principal, deloitte consulting; christie patrick,
Vice president, public affairs, enron corp.; and bette wickline, director,
Women , s business initiative, j. P. Morgan chase & co.
The march 19 neuhaus lecture featuring c. K. Prahalad, harvey c. Fruehauf
Professor of business administration, university of michigan graduate school
Of business administration, ann arbor, has been cancelled. It will be
Rescheduled at a later date.
The jones school and the rice alliance will welcome aspiring entrepreneurs
At the first southwest business plan competition, scheduled for march 30 - 31,
At herring hall. Nine teams from schools in the southwest region of the u. S.
Will compete for the opportunity to enter the international moot corpc
Competition held each year at the university of texas, austin.
Http:// www. Alliance. Rice. Edu/swbpc /
The rice alliance hosts the second annual business plan presentation forum
From 9 a. M. To 1: 30 p. M. On saturday, march 31, duncan hall. The forum is
Intended to provide presenters with candid and constructive coaching on the
Components of their business plans.
Ralph eads, group executive vice president of merchant energy and production
For el paso corp., will speak at the dean' s lecture series scheduled for
9: 45 a. M. On wednesday, april 11 at 124 herring hall.
Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu/news/calendar/index. Cfm? Eventrecord = 1735 author and
Financial advisor brooke stevens; shell oil company chairman steve miller;
Former u. S. Secretary of energy hazel o' leary; and federal reserve board
Member samuel golden. Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu/content/content. Cfm? Pageid = 60
Stephen zeff, the herbert s. Autrey professor of accounting and professor of
Managerial studies, was profiled in the march 1 edition of rice news for the
Successful release of his book on accounting historian henry rand hatfield,
The first first full - time accounting professor in a u. S. University.
In its 2001 rankings of the top full - time mba programs in the world, the
Financial times ranked the jones school among the ten best in four
Categories: value for money; employed at three months; finance;
Entrepreneurship. Overall, the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u. S. Schools and
54 th among the world' s best 100 graduate business schools.
The rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year
Determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit
In the rice community and in houston. The alliance brings together students,
Faculty, alumnI and other rice - associated parties as collaborators, mentors
And investors in engineering, science, software, or e - commerce innovations.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Online:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the
New jones school building construction.
Learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school, and
View artist renderings of the new $60 million building, currently under
Construction. Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu/campaign/campaign. Html
@ jones: news and information from the jones school, the jones school
E - newsletter, is published monthly by the public relations department of the
Jesse h. Jones graduate school of management. The jones school website
Http:// jonesgsm. Rice. Edu is updated frequently and we
Encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and
Information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school. To
Submit items to be posted on the jones school website, please e - mail
Jgsmnews@ rice. Edu or call 713 - 348 - 6364.