Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Ena principal investments:
Three transactions to date in lq 2001:
$2. 5 million investment in series c convertible preferred stock of silicon
Power corporation (" spc"), a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of
A wide range of power semiconductor devices and systems. Spc operates
Through three divisions: the power components division manufactures large
Area semiconductors up to 125 mm which are used in high - power diodes,
Thyristors, gto thyristors and custom high pulse power rated devices. These
Components are sold directly to oem' s in the heavy industrial, electric
Utility, transportation, military and medical industries. The industrial
Power division specializes in systems level products providing utility and
Power quality protection. The commercial power division designs and
Manufactures semiconductors made by a planar process used to make discrete
Power semiconductor devices and associates subsystems. More information can
Be obtained from kevin kuykendall (33995), jennifer adams (33919) or from the
Company' s web page at: www. Siliconpower. Com
$2. 25 million convertible bridge loan to solo energy corporation, an existing
Ena principal investments portfolio company. The funds are part of a $7. 0
Million bridge facility needed to fund overhead while negotiations continue
Regarding a potential acquisition opportunity. In addition to the conversion
Feature, ena principal investments also received warrants to purchase 2. 75
Million additional shares in solo energy. The company is developing a 100 kw
Microturbine, which utilizes a proprietary catalytic combustion process and
Turbines, sourced from the automotive and marine sectors. Placement of 50
Beta units is planned at test sites selected by scana (a co - investor in solo
Energy) in the 2 q and 3 q, 2001. Once the acquisition is completed, the
Company plans to complete an additional $30 to $50 million funding round.
More information can be obtained from charlie vetters (39435), kyle kettler
(30423) or from the company' s web page: www. Soloenergy. Com
$5. 0 million series d convertible preferred stock of encorp, inc., an
Existing ena principal investments portfolio company. The funds are part of
A total of $38 million raised in the series d round that should provide
Funding for the company through mid - 2002. Encorp is among the worlds leading
Providers of products, services and solutions addressing the growing demand
For clean, reliable on - site power systems. The company , s power technology
Products include grid - interconnection switchgear and energy - automation
Software. Encorp , s products, in combination with the company , s
Engineering - services team, create dependable, on - site power solutions that
Can reduce the overall cost of energy for commercial and industrial customers
Operating in the digital economy. More information can be obtained from
Charlie vetters (39435), kyle kettler (30423) or from the company' s web
Page: www. Encorp. Com
Enron credit
Feeling exposed? If you are looking for ways to trade some credit exposure
Out of your portfolio, visit enrononlinetm. Enron credit now offers 3 - year
And 5 - year credit default swaps for a number of companies every day on the
System.
Industrial markets
Enron industrial markets has established its key goals and objectives for
2001 for the forest products and steel groups:
_ firmly establish eim as a significant physical merchant by moving 3
Million tons of product in each of the forest products and steel industries.
_ expand international business by generating at least $10 million of gross
Margin.
_ create a vehicle to gain access to 500, 000 tons/year of market pulp.
In addition, both forest products and steel are focused on creating greater
Physical and financial liquidity in each of their respective industries, as
Well as developing world class logistics and operations capabilities.
Eim organizational announcement
Forest products group
The following changes are being implemented in the commercial organization in
Order to better focus on the group , s mission: to be the premier market maker
In physical products and financial risk management products in the forest
Products sector.
Rodney malcolm will assume responsibility for the new sales and marketing
Group.
Rob saltiel will create a new forests products origination group.
Bob crane will continue to be responsible for trading and risk management in
All forest products markets.
Andy keleman will take the leadership of the transaction development group.
In the news
" energy and trading giant enron corp. (nyse: ene - news) wants a piece of
Madison avenue. The houston - based company' s latest venture is enron media
Services, a seven - month old outfit that aims to bring enron' s expertise in
Trading natural gas and electricity to buyers and
Sellers of advertising space.
In the process, enron wants to tap into a $500 billion - a - year global
Advertising arena.
` ` what we' ve identified is that this business is very analogous to what we do
In gas and power,'' enron media services vice president edward ondarza." - - -
Reuters, march 14, 2001
Welcome
New hires
Egm - sherman franzen
Eim - jennifer vanlandingham
Ena - kim detiveaux, diane fellers, esemeralda gonzalez, eric linder,
Michael lorenz, noel ryan, melissa prihoda, steve mcdonnell
Transfers
Eim - lisa csikos, john jacobsen
Ena - robin rodrigue, maria lopez, roseann engeldorf
If you love golf..  (
Would you like to experience the premier golf event, the masters? This is
Your golden opportunity to see augusta and the practice rounds.
There are 17 spaces now available for trip #1 - sunday, april 1 through
Wednesday, april 4. The package includes accommodations at six private homes
In augusta, food and beverage, ground transportation, access to the enron
Tent, passes to the practice rounds and par 3 tournament, and one round of
Golf at jones creek.
Cost is $4975 per person; additional cost for use of charter aircraft between
Houston and augusta is $1740 per person. This is a high - level
Customer - driven business opportunity. If you are interested, call dorie
Hitchcock at x 3 - 6978.
Enrononline statistics
Below are the figures for enrononline as of march 14, 2001.
? Total life to date transactions > 750, 000
? Life to date notional value of transactions > $450 billion
News from the global flash
Enpipe services
The continental gas team is launching the first virtual gas transportation
Product in europe, enpipe services. Enpipe will offer customers the ability
To swap gas between the nbp in the uk and the zeebrugge hub in belgium.
Customers will be able to nominate volumes on a day - ahead basis, and will pay
For the service by an up - front premium. This new service should encourage
More participants at the zeebrugge hub, which will lead into more liquidity
At other trading locations developing on the continent. Similar to the
Virtual storage service, enbank, enpipe demonstrates enron' s ability to offer
Valuable services to the market through smart risk management rather than
Capital - intensive infrastructure. The first enpipe auction will close on 15
March, and customers may submit their bids on enrononline.
Teesside gas processing plant
On thursday, lst march, the teesside gas processing plant achieved iso
9001: 2001 quality management system accreditation. This achievement is the
Result of 12 months hard work, enthusiasm and commitment by all plant staff
And has also been a great team effort with the enron global asset
Organisation providing technical and moral support.
An iso team was formed in february 2000 led by iris thomas (qa coordinator)
And supported by members from all site disciplines including operations,
Maintenance, accounts and it. A program was implemented to prepare, write,
Issue and control, detailed procedures to ensure the plant was operated and
Maintained to the quality standards required by iso 9001: 2001. Customer
Satisfaction and focus is an integral part of the standard and a great deal
Of effort has been put into this area. Following a pre - audit in january the
Final accreditation audit commenced on wednesday, 28 th february, with
Accreditation being confirmed on thursday, lst march.
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.