Subject: fw: understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy
Derivatives
Dear all,
Thanks for your responses regarding availability and thoughts for the 2001
Financial maths course. Attached is a word version of the previous outline.
I have also included some comments from previous delegates on what they
Would like to see this year. Most points address the level we should aim for
And the balance of theory and practical applications. I hope these points
Help you to improve on what is already our premier eprm training course.
I would like to confirm the final points and any new biographical details by
Thursday, march 22 nd in order to allow us a strong lead time to market the
Event. If you have any questions, please call me on 212 925 6990 extension
225 or send me an email.
As a checklist these are the points I would like to clarify:
1. Confirmed availability for venues outlined in the draft programme.
London, 28 & 29 june
New york, 9 & 10 july
Houston, 16' chris. Harris@ innogy. Com';
' eronn@ mail. Utexas. Edu';' vince. J. Kaminski@ eron. Com';' vkaminski@ aol. Com';
' spyros. Maragos@ dynegy. Com';' ds 64@ cyrus. Andrew. Cmu. Edu';
' geman@ math. Umass. Edu'
Subject: understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy
Derivatives
Dear all,
Firstly, I would like to thank you for all your help on the energy & power
Risk management 2001 event. The line - up is exceptional and I am extremely
Excited about this event.
As the course leaders of our annual financial mathematics training course, i
Would like to notify you of the dates for the event this year. We plan to
Hold the courses at the following venues on the following dates:
Houston - june 21 & 22
London - june 28 & 29
New york - july 9 & 10
I would like to confirm availability for these events and to take on board
Any update suggestions for the 2001 course. I do hope that these dates
Enable you to participate in this event and I look forward to speaking with
Each of you soon.
Best wishes,
Paul bristow
- financial maths draft. Doc