Subject:" henwood' s rationalizing midwest power markets for the future"
Workshops
Henwood announces a major new release and functional realignment of its
Trading solutions software
Henwood energy services, inc. (henwood) recently announced a major new
Release of its trading and
Scheduling software, and the overall realignment of its energy trading and
Risk management functions into a
New, strategic lineup of products. Henwood , s established etrm and
Webscheduler enerprise software
Products have been re - launched into physical trading (webscheduler), trade
Capture and settlements
(trademanager), and risk management functions (riskreporter), with greatly
Expanded capabilities to
More strategically meet the needs of the rapidly changing energy markets
Throughout north america. The
Release of the new webscheduler (version 5. 0), combines a new henwood
Scheduling version with
Henwood , s nerc tagging and iso communication functions to create a
Comprehensive physical
Management system.
" the release of the version 5 webscheduler marks an exciting day, both for
Henwood and for energy
Companies responsible for managing financial and physical energy transactions
Across north america,"
Explained derek porter, vice president - software products." our new product
Version release and overall
Product realignment clearly shows henwood , s dedication to meet the trading
Needs of today and anticipate
The challenges of tomorrow."
The new webscheduler is a comprehensive physical management product that
Allows energy organizations
To manage physical trading issues from creation through delivery. The
Software enables traders, schedulers
And other energy professionals to conduct their business of physical
Scheduling, iso coordination, and
Settlement in one seamless operation. Some of the new features include:
- real - time price and volume change log
- standard ramp assignments
- dynamic view and form configuration for commodity volume management
- enhancements to scheduling view management
- new commodity volume management system
- show prices
- on - peak/off - peak definition
- running totals
- enhanced back - to - back/bookout function
- enhanced sub - hour function
- schedule summary page with copy function
- quicktrade capability
- grid copy/paste and export functions
Henwood is offering training courses for the rollout of the physical trading
Application, scheduled
Throughout may in both sacramento and atlanta. Dates are currently scheduled
For may 2 - 3, 2001 in
Atlanta, and may 23 - 24, 2001 in sacramento. Space is limited, so please sign
Up early.
Henwood offers integrated business solutions, strategic consulting, and
Innovative
Ebusiness applications to meet the challenges of the restructured energy
Markets throughout north
America, australasia, and europe, serving clients that include eight of the
Ten top utilities in north
America, in addition to energy services providers and power marketers. For
More information about
Henwood , s trading and risk management applications, please contact derek
Porter at 916 - 569 - 0985
(email: dporter@ hesinet. Com). Additional information about henwood can be
Obtained by visiting
Www. Hesinet. Com.