Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Us natural gas teams
The us natural gas marketing originations teams have had a successful lq
2001. In addition to mid market activity led by fred lagrasta, new
Origination desk heads and marketing teams have been set up across the us and
Are led by the following: west gas origination - barry tycholiz, central gas
Origination - laura luce, east gas origination - frank vickers. These teams
Have made significant inroads in 2001, focusing on customer coverage, new
Accounts, transportation syndication, risk management products and market
Intelligence. All of these individuals are open to any questions regarding
The new businesses.
Siebel summary
Eim' s ability to rapidly transform its designated forest products and steel
Markets is dependent upon its ability to effectively manage the market
Participants and accelerate their adoption of eim' s business strategy. To
Achieve this objective, eim will implement siebel sales enterprise, a
Customer - focused centralized database that effectively leverages all
Information learned about our customers and enables sharing of this
Information throughout the front, mid and back offices. Siebel is designed
To help in - house and mobile sales professionals in large organizations manage
Accounts, contacts, activities and opportunities associated with the sales
Cycle. Eim fundamentals is leading the siebel implementation effort.
In the news
Enron is hosting the new york energy risk management seminar at the st. Regis
Hotel in new york city on april 5, 2001. Topics include: power outlook,
Natural gas outlook, and weather risk management. To rsvp, contact laura pena
At x 3 - 5376.
Welcome
New hires
Egm - sherman franzen, fariba karimi, ryan krogmeier, lawrence marcus
Eim - ronald barnes, paul hanks, chad ihrig, stella pedroza, linda silva
Ena - hagar kedem, steven merriss, courdney williams, diane fellers
Transfers
Ena ) tammie schoppe, lynna kacal, johnna kokenge, karen jones, stuart
Zisman, anne labbe
Egm ) justin cornett, george thomas, richard yeboah, phI khanh wolfe, alan
Harvey, philip berry, ethan schultz, sanjeev khanna, mingcheng lian
Nuggets & notes
" we have to move paper, make money and move the industry." - - rodney
Malcolm, vice president/forest products eim
Congratulations to angela and chris connelly, manager in coal trading. They
Are the proud parents of nicholas connelly, born on march 17 and weighed
7 lbs. 11 oz. (rumor has it that at 48 hours of age, he had more hair than his
Father!)
Congratulations to carmen and glenn wright, director in steel origination who
Welcomed little lauren nicole born march 12. She weighed in at 7 lbs. 13 oz. And
Debuted with a full head of hair and" making lots of noise."
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.