Subject: only 1 week left to register for the henwood power market symposium
At the discount registration fee
Dear energy participant:
Don' t miss your chance to register for the henwood power market symposium at
The discounted price of $875. After april lst the registration fee increases
To $975. * register now because
Space is limited!
This annual three - day event will take place from april 29 to may 1, 2001 in
Atlanta, ga at the beautiful evergreen mountain resort. This year' s
Symposium features leaders from ferc, electric
Power research institute, standard & poor' s, iso new england, conoco, entergy
Nuclear, and more. Discussion topics will include" rating implications of
The california market failure",
" upcoming changes to wholesale electric markets in new england"," impacts of
High gas costs to the nation' s supply portfolio", and many others. As always,
Participants will also have the
Opportunity to gain access to henwood' s software products, consulting
Services, and online databases, as a means to develop competitive strategies
And unequalled value in restructured
Markets.
Your registration fee is inclusive of the following:
- complete hotel accommodations at the stone mountain resort for sunday april
29 th and monday april 30 th, 2001
- all meals and refreshments for april 29 th through may lst. A welcome
Reception is planned for sunday, april 29 th. This reception is an excellent
Opportunity to network with market participants
And decision - makers of the electric power industry.
- a river boat dinner cruise on monday, april 30 th on board the henry w.
Grady paddlewheel riverboat.
Also don' t miss the henwood captain and crew golf tournament planned for
Sunday, april 29 th. We invite golfers of all levels to participate in this
Fun event.
For more information please contact me at 916 569 - 0985 or
Hmason@ hesinet. Com. You can also learn more about the symposium by visiting
Our web site at www. Hesinet. Com.
Heather mason
Marketing assistant
Henwood energy
2710 gateway oaks dr.
Suite 300 n
916 - 569 - 0985
* make sure to ask about our special 2001 henwood client discount.