Subject: re: thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions
Bernard,
My coordinates:
Vincent kaminski
Managing director - research
Enron corp.
1400 smith street
Room ebl 962
Houston, tx 77002 - 7361
Phone: (713) 853 3848
(713) 410 5396 (cell)
Fax: (713) 646 2503
E - mail: vkamins@ enron. Com
Yes, we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the uk.
Vince
" murphy, bernard" on 03/27/2001 01: 23: 04 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: re: thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions
HI vince,
Can you e - mail me your mailing address in houston and I will send you a hard
Copy of the above today. Apologies for delay, but I wanted to ensure that
Les clewlow had received his copy in sydney before distributing any other
Copies.
Incidentally, today (march 27 th) is a red letter day in the uk as the neta /
New electricity trading arrangements have gone' live'. Should be
Interesting to observe the development of the paper market in the coming
Months - you' re no doubt aware that ipe have just launched an electricity
Futures contract.
Regards
Bernard
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com [mailto: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com]
Sent: 01 march 2001 15: 37
To: murphy, bernard
Cc: vkaminski@ aol. Com; vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Subject: re: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives
Bernard,
Yes, I can read a dvI file. You can also cc
My home address: vkaminski@ aol. Com. I shall
Try to send you an answer to your question on weekend.
Vince
" murphy, bernard" on 03/01/2001 09: 18: 58 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: re: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives
Vince,
I can send you a scientific word dvI file (at the weekend) if you can read
Scientific word files? The dissertation hasn' t been reviewed by les or
The
External yet - although its been at forc for 2 months. I think that the
Empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to
Both our company' s businesses - although I ultimately didn' t have the time
To' explicitly' price the jump risk - premium which I conjectured is possibly
Implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options -
Rather I developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a
Rough assessment (with a little bit of further work, but not too much) be
Made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets.
In other words, I assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable, and
Essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to:
1) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is" incomplete"
(synthesising
The securities markets framework with martingale representation theory) -
Note that I did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with
' term structure' securities as in the hjm w/jumps papers of shirakawa and
Das and;
2) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for' implementing' the
Price
Of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth
Process (ie. A jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of
Cir, bates, ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition
Means that I have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility
Function, and jumps are less easy to calibrate. Any suggestions?
Regards
Bernard
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com [mailto: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com]
Sent: 01 march 2001 14: 54
To: murphy, bernard
Cc: shirley. Crenshaw@ enron. Com; vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Subject: re: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives
Bernard,
I am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a
Reprint.
I would be glad to take a look at your dissertation. Is it available as a
Publication, working paper?
Vince
" murphy, bernard" on 03/01/2001 02: 17: 39 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives
Hello vince,
My name is bernard murphy - I received your e - mail address from les
Clewlow,
Who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at
Warwick
Business school. I' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump
Diffusions: a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -
Hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing. I
Was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper, which has recently
Come to my attention:
" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives", the us
Power market, risk publications, pp. 149 - 171.
And les suggested that I contact you directly (les is travelling at present
And doesn' t have an electronic copy available) to request an e - copy.
Incidentally, I am lecturer in finance/financial mathematics at
University
Of limerick (ireland) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk,
Where I am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach
(spark - spread) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry.
Thanks in advancve
Bernard murphy