Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Enron industrial markets
Enron industrial markets has recently completed the first transaction for a
New 60 - day fixed price product for the lumber industry. Available for
Delivery in houston and dallas, the product is offered by enron in the
Over - the - counter market and via clickpaper. Com, enron , s internet - based
Transaction system dedicated to the forest products industry. The first
Transaction was completed via clickpaper. Com on march 14 with a major lumber
Buyer in the southern united states. This represents the first online fixed
Price transaction contract in the industry. With the growing volatility in
The lumber industry, the availability of a long - term fixed price product
Provides companies with another opportunity to mitigate their exposure.
Additionally, this transaction represents the convergence of enron , s
Increasing involvement in physical lumber transactions with our recognized
Expertise in financial risk management.
In addition, eim has announced that it has completed its acquisition of the
Quebec city, canada newsprint mill and related assets from daishowa forest
Products ltd. In july 2000, enron purchased garden state paper, a recycled
Newsprint mill located in garfield, nj. The acquisition of the daishowa mill
Now positions enron as the seventh largest producer of newsprint in north
America. The daishowa mill in quebec city will now be called papiers
Stadacona. The new name has great historical significance to the local
Community in quebec city. When jacques cartier first explored the mouth of
The st. Charles river in 1535, the aboriginal people living there referred to
The village as stadacona. This is now the site of modern - day quebec city.
Enron freight markets
In march, enron freight markets (efm) completed the acquisition of webmodal,
Inc to help launch the traditional intermediary transportation business. Efm
Also started its spot trading business and completed 981 transactions in its
First month.
East power origination
On tuesday, april 3, the st. Lucie county commission voted 3 - 2 to approve the
Midway energy center near fort pierce, florida, which is a 510 megawatt
Peaking power plant. Next steps for this facility include receiving a water
Permit from the south florida water management district and an environmental
Resource permit (erp) from the florida department of environmental protection.
Enron canada
Ken lay addressed a breakfast meeting of the toronto board of trade on
Wednesday, april 4, as part of the" power breakfast series". His topic was
" moving forward with electricity deregulation." before his speech, the
Chairman of the board of trade commented that" this was the best attendance
Ever" at one of their breakfast meetings. After the meeting, mr. Lay spoke
With reporters from reuters, the globe and mail, the national post, and
Report on business tv emphasizing enron' s commitment to deregulation of the
Ontario power market.
In the news
Japan: enron presents power plant plan to japan government
Tokyo, u. S. - based enron corp on wednesday presented plans to build a
Liquefied natural gas (lng) fired power plant in northern japan, aiming to
Become the first foreign company to build such a plant in japan. The move
Brings enron one step closer to realizing its plan to build a power plant
With an initial capacity of two million kilowatts in aomorI prefecture.
" we submitted our basic plan to build the plant to the governor of aomori
Prefecture today in line with last november' s announcement," tatsuro seguchi,
President of enron corp' s japanese affiliate encom corp, told a news
Conference." we are aiming to start construction of the plant in 2004 and
Start operations by 2007 since japan' s power market is one of our highest
Priorities," he said. 03/28/2001 reuters english news service (c)
Reuters limited 2001.
Welcome
New hires
Egm - lyelle bellard, damian nelson, edward soo, jonathan whitehead
Eim - elsa aguilar, melia dickson, john hark, phaedra jones, maricar jose,
Ian mccrory, mirella bertrone, roland holub, arthur miller, miriam watson,
Richard albert, randy biagini, thomas duchnicki, diego tabbachino
Ena - mitra mujica, karen phillips, sarah domonoskie, kelly donlevy - lee
Transfers (to or within)
Ena - john moore, mitchell robinson, larry valderrama, holden salisbury,
Grace rodriguez, mary martinez, dominic carolan, karI oquinn, katherine
Kelly, david fuller, anguel grigorov, oren zimmerman, chuanlI deng, glenn
Surowiec, tharsilla broussard, geynille dillingham, philip conn, lola
Weller, christina brandli, noemI camacho, randel young, ina rangel
Egm - shelia benke, homer lin, william mckone, william berkeland, valarie
Curry, tomas tellez
Eim - allen ueckert, john w. Jennings, sarveen kohli
Nuggets & notes
The next ews brown bag is scheduled for april 19 with tim battaglia
Discussing the steel industry.
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.