Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Enron freight markets
Enron freight markets (efm) launched its over - the - road trucking business this
Week. In addition, efm completed 199 intermodal transactions in the first
Week of april.
Ena west power
Ena west power recently closed the sale of two power projects. The 750 mw
Pastoria energy facility in kern county, california was sold to calpine and
The 240 mw fountain valley power project in colorado was sold to black hills
Energy capital. Given the power shortage in the west, ena is developing
Additional power generation in nevada, california and washington.
Enron industrial markets
The newsprint group of eim is working to revolutionize the newsprint market
And bring financial rigor and market efficiencies to a business that has
Remained relatively unchanged for more than a century. The global newsprint
Market is a 23 billion dollar a year business with the north american market
Comprising one third. The group' s originators, mid - marketers, and financial
And physical traders offer our customers numerous financial and physical
Products not previously available in the market.
Eim has made a substantial commitment to this business with the purchase of
Garden state paper company last year and the recent purchase of daishowa
Paper in quebec city. The number of transactions has grown exponentially with
The physical trading alone reaching a nominal trading volume of more than
$10, 000, 000 per month in little more than four months since opening. In
Addition to physical spot transactions, the desk offers our counterparties
Log - term fixed priced transactions, indexed based pricing, forward contracts,
Swaps, and derivative products.
Forest products
Forestweb inc., an internet - based generator, aggregator and integrator of
Knowledge and information for the forest products industry, announced a new
Window to industry financial and risk management tools available from
Clickpaper. Com. Clickpaper allows the industry direct access to transactable
Prices for both physical and financial products, in an electronic format.
Paperloop. Com, one of the leading online resources for the forest products
Industry, announced the addition of clickpaper. Com in their emarketplace,
Which showcases various e - commerce companies and highlights their services.
Paperloop provides clickpaper. Com exposure to its 250, 000 + monthly users in
The pulp, paper and converting industries.
In the news
Ken lay was the cover story for the april 2001 issue of continental magazine.
He had positive things to say about his employees.
 & sitting in his 50 th floor mahogany - paneled office overlooking his
Much - beloved downtown houston, lay, with a self - conscious smile, bows his
Head slightly as he , s described as an innovative market maker.  + I really can ,
T take any credit, he says. My employees are responsible for what enron
Does. , what he does best, the missourI - born corporate icon says, is  + to
Create an atmosphere of empowerment and creativity and hire bright,
Innovative people who aren , t afraid to take risks and try new things.  8
Welcome
New hires
Eim - craig rickard, lisa mcclendon
Ena - ben brasseaux, stephen swisher, tamera joyner, vanessa griffin,
Kathleen ashton
Weekly enrononline statistics
Below are the latest figures for enrononline as of april 6, 2001.
* total life to date transactions > 845, 000
* life to date notional value of transactions > $500 billion
Nuggets & notes
Mark your lunch calendars now! The next ews brown bag is thursday, april 19
At 11: 30 am. Tim battaglia vp/eim will be discussing steel origination.
Congratulations to peter del vecchio, eim senior counsel, and his wife, nair.
They are the proud parents of dante valentin del vecchio, born april 3,
Weighing 4 pounds, 8 ounces.
News from the global flash
Enron poland obtains gas trading license
On 22 nd march 2001 enron poland received a 10 - year gas trading license, valid
For both domestic gas trading within poland as well as for gas exports. The
License is a key component to our entering the gas trading market in poland
And, coupled with the power trading license we obtained in 1999, will give
Enron poland a strong position in the developing wholesale energy market. In
The next two to three weeks, we expect to receive a cross - border trading
License covering gas imports that are further regulated under the polish
Energy law ordinance on gas import diversification.
Enron wind announces first uk off - shore wind farm
On 5 th april 2001, enron wind announced that it had been granted the right to
Initiate the planning process for its first uk offshore wind farm, located at
Gunfleet sands, 7 km from clacton - upon - sea in essex. Construction is expected
To start towards the end of 2002, with the wind farm of 30 turbines being
Operational by q 4 2003. Enron wind is also actively involved in a number of
On - shore projects in the uk, including the development of wind farms in wales
And northern ireland.
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.