Subject: re: hello
HI vince,
Thank you for your offer to bring jacob back for another interview. Yes, if
It is not too much trouble, I would like to talk with him. I was sorry I had
To be out of town last week when he was in the office. Thanks, just let me
Know when you would like me to be available.
Kim.
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: kaminski, vince
Sent: monday, april 16, 2001 1: 21 pm
To: watson, kimberly
Cc: krishnarao, pinnamaneni; kaminski, vince
Subject: re: hello
Kim,
This is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros.
It seems that the system they develop for williams
Is more a scheduling system.
Would you like to ask him to come back for another interview,
To get more information out of him?
Vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski/hou/ect on 04/16/2001
01: 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" jacob y. Kang" on 04/11/2001 11: 18: 44 pm
To: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com
Cc:
Subject: re: hello
Dear vince:
It was so nice meeting and talking with you too. I did
Not take any pen back, I lost my pen too somewhere in
Enron.
As I mentioned to you, after I got my ph. D in 1999, i
Have been working two years as lead scientist and
Science manager in energy division at pros revenue
Management inc. In houston.
I developed and implemented the mathematical models
For trading optimization system and firm
Transportation optimization system.
The trading optimization system becomes the most
Popular product in the industry this year. Duke energy
Just signed the contract to buy this product
Yesterday. Conoco and williams also signed the
Contracts for it. According to pros sales department,
The potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15
Companies in one or two years.
Enron is the ideal place for me to continue my
Research and system developing efforts to combine
Revenue management with risk management. I am
Confident that I can make significant contributions to
Enron in this area.
I would like to thank you again for giving me this
Opportunity to come to enron for this interview. I am
Looking forward to having the opportunity to work in
Enron.
Sincerely yours
Jacob
- - - vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com wrote:
> jacob,
>
> it was nice meeting you. Did take by any chance
> my pen? If not, I apologize.
>
> vince
>
Do you yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with yahoo! Mail.
Http:// personal. Mail. Yahoo. Com /