Subject: entouch newsletter
Business highlights
Enron industrial markets
Metal bulletin - iron and steel awards for 2000
Pushiest entrant: enron, the us commodity trading company, which promised it
Would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled coil
Via its online market place.
The eim fundamentals analysis group is excited to announce that dave allan
Has joined as a director, responsible for all forest products lines. He
Comes to eim with 20 years of experience in the forest products industry, of
Which 14 were spent at abitibI and 6 with pulp and paper week. Please join
Us in welcoming dave.
The siebel team ( & the force  8) continues to work towards program
Implementation of its customer management system in early may, with training
To begin at the end of april. Stay tuned for updates.
Enron global lng
Enron global lng is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a global
Wholesale lng market. The rising prices of natural gas in the united states
And concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for
Lng in the u. S. And around the globe. Lng has played a major role in
Serving energy needs in many parts of the world, but its place in the u. S.
Energy picture has been limited. An lng market that spans the globe can
Supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world , s growing appetite
For cleaner burning fuels. Enron global lng sees great opportunity for
Enron , s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy
Market.
In the news
Enron corp. Says first - quarter profit rose 20 percent
Houston, april 17 (bloomberg) - - enron corp., the largest energy trader, said
First - quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled. Profit from
Operations rose to $406 million, or 47 cents, from $338 million, or 40 cents,
In the year - earlier period. Enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $1. 75
To $1. 80 a share, from its january projection of $1. 70 to $1. 75.
First - quarter revenue surged to $50. 1 billion from $13. 1 billion as enron
Boosted the volume of power sold in north america by 90 percent. Enron had a
First - quarter gain of $19 million, or 2 cents a share, for an accounting
Change, making net income $425 million, or 49 cents a share. There were no
Charges or gains in the year - earlier period.
Welcome
New hires
Egm - janelle russell,
Eim - david allan, sylvia carter
Ena - sasha divelbiss, amy quirsfeld, judy zhang, annette thompson, kelly
Donlevy - lee, grant patterson
Transfers (to or within)
Ena ) william abler, magdalena cruz, barbara taylor, james reyes, marvin
Carter, angel tamariz, jesse bryson
Eim ) cassandra dutton, christine sullivan, camille gerard, sherrI kathol,
Jennifer watson
Egm ) steven batchelder
Legal stuff
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
To enron corp. And its subsidiaries. It is intended for internal use only
And should not be disclosed.