Subject: organizational announcement
Fyi.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by osman sezgen/hou/ees on 04/23/2001 02: 29
Pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Enron energy services
From: ees distribution 04/23/2001 01: 29 pm
Sent by: kay chapman
To: all ees
Cc:
Subject: organizational announcement
Consistent with the floor talks of a couple weeks ago, we are following up
With an e - mail describing the latest changes in our risk and back - office
Functions that are now complete. Ees , s risk management and the vast majority
Of ees , s risk controls and operations group will become a new group in enron
Wholesale services. This group , s sole function will be to provide pricing,
Structuring, commodity risk management, logistics and back - office services
For ees. Both don black and wanda curry will report to the ews office of the
Chairman.
This change was driven by the explosive growth of ees and the resulting need
To tap the systems, resources and risk expertise of the wholesale groups in
Order to continue to grow and take advantage of current market
Opportunities. This change will allow us to more quickly capture the
Benefits of scale, process, and technology in risk, logistics and back - office
Functions from the larger enron capability. As discussed at the all employee
Meeting in march, these are important objectives, and this change allows us
To reach those goals more quickly.
Specifically, the following groups within the former ees risk management
Group, will become a part of this new group reporting to don black:
- the gas, power and tariff desks,
- the options desk,
- the site profiles and consumption desks, and
- the matrix products/secondary products desks.
The dsm group and iam, along with its execution capability, will remain in
Ees and report to the ees office of the chairman. We are pleased to announce
That ozzie pagan has agreed to lead this function. Ozzie is an established
Commercial dealmaker in ena. He has experience in power trading, origination
And plant development. In addition, the services group, which will provide
Billing, information and other retail services, led by evan hughes, will
Remain in ees and report to the ees ooc. All support functions, within the
Former ees risk controls and operations group, that currently support the dsm
And the services groups, will remain in ees. The remaining parts of the risk
Controls and operations group will become part of ews reporting to wanda
Curry. As part of this change, we are pleased to add evan hughes and ozzie
Pagan to the ees operating committee.
In addition, the structuring group, led by sean holmes, will be re - named deal
Management. The vision for this group remains the same as that discussed at
The all employee meeting; however, it will also facilitate and ensure
Productive transaction interaction between ees and ews.
We have asked, marty sunde, as part of his vice chairman role, to resource
And lead a formal restructuring group to enhance or protect value in several
Key transactions in our portfolio primarily in california.
The newly created it function, led by anthony dayao, will continue to report
Into the ees ooc but will support both ees and ews it requirements.
Other than these changes, the organizational structure, vision and objectives
Detailed out for ees at the all - employee meeting in march remain. We need to
Continue to understand and drive deeper into our markets, manage our client
Relationships, mine our portfolio, build new products and execute on our
Opportunities.
Thanks for all your hard work. With your help we will become the worlds
Leading energy retailer and enron , s leading division. If you have any
Questions please do not hesitate to ask