Subject: the rising crisis in brazil' s power sector - a cera conference ca
Ll
Cambridge energy research associates (cera) invites you to participate in a
Special conference call and web presentation to discuss" the rising crisis in
Brazil' s power sector" on may 3, 2001 at 9: 30 am eastern time.
This call will feature jed bailey, an associate director and specialist on
Latin america power issues and barbara l. Mattos, cera associate director
Specializing in the industrial and energy markets of brazil.
Topics for this conference call and web presentation include:
* could the short rain season result in shortage and rationing?
* what is the potential impact on the energy reform process?
* what is the potential impact on the economy?
Format
Our speakers will address this topic for approximately 30 minutes, with
Accompanying graphics presented on the internet, followed by an open question
And answer period.
To enroll
To enroll, please contact ms. Donna masulla via e - mail at dmasulla@ cera. Com
Before 4: 00 p. M., wednesday, may 2, 2001. Please include your name, company,
And telephone number with your correspondence.
How to participate via audio
Netscape navigator 3. 02 or higher; or sun hot java (tm)
* close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver
To ensure computer compatibility, complete the internet instructions before
The
Day of the call. A message will appear telling you that your meeting is not
Ready to start. However, it also informs you about any action that you may
Need
To take to prepare your computer to participate.
Technical assistance
U. S. Callers:? If you are experiencing difficulties during the call, you may
Signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 (star, zero) on your telephone
Keypad after you have connected to the audio portion of the conference.
International callers:? Please re - dial and ask the operator for assistance
Before giving the confirmation code.
Cera' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available
At http:// www 20. Cera. Com/event
Our relationship with you is very important to us.? If you wish not to
Receive e - mail notifications from cera, please send a reply to this message
With" donotemail" as the subject of your message.
(mailto: info@ cera. Com? Subject = donotemail)
