Subject: re: kwI user group
David,
I regret to inform you I am unable to attend the conference due to previous
Commitments.
Would you consider a speakers form our london office?
Vince
David warwick on 04/24/2001 09: 47: 31 am
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: re: kwI user group
Vince
Any further thoughts on this?
David
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com [mailto: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com]
Sent: 13 april 2001 21: 44
To: djw@ kwi. Com
Cc: vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com; vkaminski@ aol. Com
Subject: re: kwI user group
David,
Thanks for the invitation.
I shall check my schedule on monday and will get back to you
Regarding the conference.
I hope you will a very happy easter.
Vince
David warwick on 04/12/2001 04: 04: 32 pm
To:"' vince. J. Kaminski@ enron. Com'"
Cc:
Subject: kwI user group
Dear vince
Please may I reintroduce myself. We met last year at the sydney eprm
Conference which my company kwI sponsored. I chaired the session at which
You spoke.
As you may remember, my company, kwI are one of the world' s leading
Provider
Of systems (kw 3000) and consultancy for energy, trading and risk
Management.
We have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world' s leading
Energy companies (not enron unfortunately):
North america
- tva
- ontario power
- cinergy
- bonneville power
Europe
- enel
- atel
- electrabel
- edf
Nordic
- vattenfall
- fortum
- sydkraft
- statkraft
- birka energi
- norsk hydro
Each year we stage a" kwI users forum" - a 2 - day event attended by leading
Trading and risk staff from our clients. Last year there were about 100
Delegates. The agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk
Management for the energy sector.
The agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from
Industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around
Using our software.
This years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful spanish city of
Barcelona and runs from the evening of sunday september 9 th to tuesday
September 11 th. The main conference dinner is on the monday evening and is
Always a memorable event. This year it is in a leading barcelona restaurant
Preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre - dinner drinks.
I would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address, the
Highlight of the conference.
The subject could be:
* a general energy risk related topic
* a general insight into the secret of enron' s continued success in
The energy markets
* your thoughts on the future development on energy markets (and other
Commodity related - bandwidth etc.) worldwide
Obviously, we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation,
Food and drink.
What' s in it for you? Many of our users are some the energy sectors
Leading
Risk thinkers and i' m sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging
Views.
Please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation.
Best regards
David warwick - marketing dierctor and co - founder