Subject: 4 - urgent - owa please print this now.
Current notes user:
Reasons for using outlook web access (owa)
1. Once your mailbox has been migrated from notes to outlook, the outlook
Client will be configured on your computer.
After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail
Via notes, and you will not be able to start using outlook until it is
Configured by the outlook migration team the morning after your mailbox is
Migrated. During this period, you can use outlook web access (owa) via your
Web browser (internet explorer 5. 0) to read and send mail.
Please note: your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and
To - do entries imported from notes will not be available until the outlook
Client is configured on your desktop.
2. Remote access to your mailbox.
After your outlook client is configured, you can use outlook web access (owa)
For remote access to your mailbox.
Please note: at this time, the owa client is only accessible while
Connecting to the enron network (lan). There are future plans to make owa
Available from your home or when traveling abroad.
How to access outlook web access (owa)
Launch internet explorer 5. 0, and in the address window type:
Http:// nahou - msowaolp/exchange/john. Doe
Substitute" john. Doe" with your first and last name, then click enter. You
Will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below. Type in" corp/your user
Id" for the user name and your nt password to logon to owa and click ok. You
Will now be able to view your mailbox.
Please note: there are some subtle differences in the functionality between
The outlook and owa clients. You will not be able to do many of the things
In owa that you can do in outlook. Below is a brief list of * some * of the
Functions not available via owa:
Features not available using owa:
- tasks
- journal
- spell checker
- offline use
- printing templates
- reminders
- timed delivery
- expiration
- outlook rules
- voting, message flags and message recall
- sharing contacts with others
- task delegation
- direct resource booking
- personal distribution lists
Questions or concerns?
If you have questions or concerns using the owa client, please contact the
Outlook 2000 question and answer mailbox at:
Outlook. 2000@ enron. Com
Otherwise, you may contact the resolution center at:
713 - 853 - 1411
Thank you,
Outlook 2000 migration team