Subject: california update 5/4/01
If you have any questions, please contact kristin walsh at (713) 853 - 9510.
Bridge loan financing bills may not meet their may 8 th deadline due to lack
Of support
Sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the
Bond issuance/bridge loan by the may 8 th deadline. Any possibility for a
Deal has reportedly fallen apart. According to sources, both the republicans
And democratic caucuses are turning against davis. The democratic caucus is
Reportedly" unwilling to fight" for davis. Many legislative republicans and
Democrats reportedly do not trust davis and express concern that, once the
Bonds are issued to replenish the general fund, davis would" double dip" into
The fund. Clearly there is a lack of good faith between the legislature and
The governor. However, it is believed once davis discloses the details of
The power contracts negotiated, a bond issuance will take place.
Additionally, some generator sources have reported that some of the long - term
Power contracts (as opposed to those still in development) require that the
Bond issuance happen by july 1, 2001. If not, the state may be in breach of
Contract. Sources state that if the legislature does not pass the bridge
Loan legislation by may 8 th, having a bond issuance by july lst will be very
Difficult.
The republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the state
Would" eat" the $5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the general
Fund, thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately $8
Billion. However, the reportedly now are not going to offer even this
Concession. Sources report that the republicans intend to hold out for full
Disclosure of the governor' s plan for handling the crisis, including the
Details and terms of all long - term contracts he has negotiated, before they
Will support the bond issuance to go forward.
Currently there are two bills dealing with the bridge loan; ab 8 x and ab
31 x. Ab 8 x authorizes the dwr to sell up to $10 billion in bonds. This bill
Passed the senate in march, but has stalled in the assembly due to a lack of
Republican support. Ab 31 x deals with energy conservation programs for
Community college districts. However, sources report this bill may be
Amended to include language relevant to the bond sale by senator bowen,
Currently in ab 8 x. Senator bowen' s language states that the state should
Get paid before the utilities from rate payments (which, if passed, would be
Likely to cause a socal bankruptcy).
According to sources close to the republicans in the legislature,
Republicans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money
Available in the general fund. For instance, tony strickland has stated
That only 1/2 of the bonds (or approximately $5 billion) should be issued.
Other republicans reportedly do not support issuing any bonds. The
Republicans intend to bring this up in debate on monday. Additionally,
Lehman brothers reportedly also feels that a bridge loan is unnecessary and
There are some indications that lehman may back out of the bridge loan.
Key points of the bridge financing
Initial loan amount: $4. 125 b
Lenders: jp morgan $2. 5 b
Lehman brothers $1. 0 b
Bear stearns $625 m
Tax exempt portion: of the $4. 125 b; $1. 6 b is expected to be tax - exempt
Projected interest rate: taxable rate 5. 77%
Tax - exempt rate 4. 77%
Current projected
Blended ir: 5. 38%
Maturity date: august 29, 2001
For more details please contact me at (713) 853 - 9510
Bill sb 6 x passed the senate yesterday, but little can be done at this time
The senate passed sb 6 x yesterday, which authorizes $5 billion to create the
California consumer power and conservation authority. The $5 billion
Authorized under sb 6 x is not the same as the $5 billion that must be
Authorized by the legislature to pay for power already purchased, or the
Additional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing
Power going forward. Again, the republicans are not in support of these
Authorizations. Without the details of the long - term power contracts the
Governor has negotiated, the republicans do not know what the final bond
Amount is that must be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to
Support. No further action can be taken regarding the implementation of sb
6 x until it is clarified how and when the state and the utilities get paid
For purchasing power. Also, there is no staff, defined purpose, etc. For
The california public power and conservation authority. However, this can
Be considered a victory for consumer advocates, who began promoting this
Idea earlier in the crisis.
Socal edison and bankruptcy
At this point, two events would be likely to trigger a socal bankruptcy. The
First would be a legislative rejection of the mou between socal and the
Governor. The specified deadline for legislative approval of the mou is
August 15 th, however, some decision will likely be made earlier. According
To sources, the state has yet to sign the mou with socal, though socal has
Signed it. The republicans are against the mou in its current form and davis
And the senate lack the votes needed to pass. If the legislature indicates
That it will not pas the mou, socal would likely file for voluntary
Bankruptcy (or its creditor - involuntary) due to the lack operating cash.
The second likely triggering event, which is linked directly to the bond
Issuance, would be an effort by senator bowen to amend sb 31 x (bridge loan)
Stating that the dwr would received 100% of its payments from ratepayers,
Then the utilities would receive the residual amount. In other words, the
State will get paid before the utilities. If this language is included and
Passed by the legislature, it appears likely that socal will likely file for
Bankruptcy. Socal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and
The dwr proportionately from rate payments.