Subject: fw: london work
Hi,
How are you? London seems to be the same as when I left in august - no sun,
Cold, serious looking people, expensive, etc. In addition, we have had may
Day riots, a post office bombing, train strike, etc. Not to mention all the
Excitement in enron credit.
It would be nice to know who I am supposed to be reporting to. I am getting
Loads of conflicting messages - as illustrated in the forwarded email from
Vasant. According to you and slava, the strategy paper/duffie report seems
To be a higher priority. However, vasant seems to indicate (in his forwarded
Email) that this is not the priority at the moment.
In addition, there seems to be lots of chaos in enron credit - not only in
The houston office, but even more so in the london office. This brings to
Mind a russian proverb I learned from slava when he expressed his views on
The current state of enron credit -" a fish rots from the head."
Finally, I would like to know exactly what you want me to write in this
Duffie report: do you want to hear what enron credit would like to hear -
That all they need is for us to develop a private firm model for their
Exisiting" infrastructure"? Or do you want to hear what I really see, hear,
Read, etc.? If the latter is true, then I may need to write two reports,
Because what I am learning does not look too good and would probably not make
The enron credit personnel too happy.
Well, I think I have said enough for now. Look forward to your feedback.
Thanks,
Iris
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: shanbhogue, vasant
Sent: friday, may 04, 2001 3: 39 pm
To: mack, iris
Cc: dhar, amitava
Subject: london work
HI iris,
Amitava must have told you that both he and I are getting swamped with work
Here. As a result, we expect you to take the lead in scoping the enron
Credit project and making sure the infrastructure is readied. You should
Also make sure to understand the econometric/data analysis software side of
The project - - this is probably more important than preparing a document for
Duffie right now. You should definitely sit with ben/george and actually run
The software with them to get a feel for how it is to be used. But we also
Need to be able to try out potential other ways of analyzing data. Both
Amitava and I will help as best as we can, and answer any direct questions,
But we will have limited time to review documents, etc. I expect amitava to
Get heavily involved once data starts coming, but we expect you to have
Already set up the infrastructure etc for the data.
Hope the trip is going well. Would you be extending the trip for some more
Time?
Vasant