Subject: re: ibuyit user set up
Diane:
We have had quite a few problems with this ibuyit procedure. I have submitted several invoices for payment since may lst and
Have reveived none of them back for coding and approval. I am afraid the vendors are going to be coming after us!
We also have had approval problems. I submitted a hardware request and it went to every manager in our group. I think we
Have finally gotten that straightened out for the present.
The requestors and coders would be:
Shirley crenshaw
Anita dupont
Kevin moore
The only approved for our group is vince j. KaminskI (co 0413 - cc 107043)
If you need anything else, please let me know.
Shirley
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: fellers, diane r.
Sent: thursday, may 10, 2001 4: 56 pm
To: kaminski, vince j.
Cc: crenshaw, shirley
Subject: fw: ibuyit user set up
Vince,
Per the request below, I need a list of people you would like to serve as approvers and requestors for the research group for the ibuyit program. Of course, they want this as soon as possible. Please let me know who you would like to include.
Thanks,
Diane
X 5 - 7996
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: vandor, david
Sent: thursday, may 10, 2001 4: 18 pm
To: fellers, diane r.; guilliams, lisa; heath, holly; nguyen, vivian
Cc: leschber, edie
Subject: fw: ibuyit user set up
Could you please gather this info for all your support departments?
In case you don' t know, ibuyit is the web site where employees can purchase, code, and approve invoices for items online.
Thanks,
David
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: day, misti
Sent: thursday, may 10, 2001 3: 43 pm
To: becton, pam; brown, sarah; cameron, marlene; carter, carol; coffey jr., jim; davis, angelic; dawson, brian; east, laynie; fredericks, kristi; hanslip, david; hardy, stacy; hardy, trey; harris, paula; helton, susan; killen, faith; lamb, marnie; leschber, edie; long, lindsay; mayeux, cassandra; orsak, susie; patterson, grant; pierce, jody; schwertner, brian; vandor, david; vargas, hope; vu, nancy h.; washington, deanna; wolfe, stephen
Subject: ibuyit user set up
The ibuyit team is trying to get a complete list of approvers and requestors for this program.
For each of your teams, please send me the following:
Names of approvers (team head, cc owner, etc.)
Names of requestors (admins, anyone who would be ordering)
Cost center
The ibuyit team wants to keep the number of requestors and approvers limited, but each team will need more than one approver. Every requestor will have a pre - approved limit for each transaction. Approvers will be required to go into the system and approve all transactions that exceed that limit in order for the transaction to be completed.
Unfortunately, we need this information as soon as possible (monday afternoon at the latest)!
Please feel free to call me with any questions.
Thanks,
Misti
X 39525